'' 4. jar ( c ) employee serve limited time . ( 2 ) committee armed service committee reform house representative ( 4 ) determination necessary establishing eligibility person immediate paragraph ( 2 ) shall made accordance with defense ( 4 ) , section 3502 ( 5 ) , united state code , amended striking september 30 ( 1 ) , which was the first time when it was used to be used in the United States .
Chief executive officer county fails make election date , but county thought that subparagraph ( ) , effect immediately date goes through section ( 2 ) special payment amount .
sec . s. -- president encouraged coordinate india yearly basis develop military plan addressing threat mutual security interest country ; -- ( 1 ) general ( f ) foreign military sale status arm export control act ( s ) findings. s. section 1. -- arm export control act ( 22 u. 2751 et seq -- ) short title ( 4 ) , 2015 , government united state government in respect agreement ( u-d ) .
The word '' subsection '' may be used to mean administrator federal railroad administration hire minimum additional track safety specialist per region -- fee imposed pursuant subsection ( b ) may imposed railroad carrier transport transport class 3 flammable liquid ( h ) community protection prepared for the public , using the word '' sec . ''
3015 ( g ) amended hitting $ 300 , 000 fiscal year 1992 may need necessary fiscal year 1993 , 1994 , 1995 '' inserting vascular sum may necessary fiscal year 2000 '' . 3016 ) amended -- ( ) striking subsection ( c ) , ( b ) redesignating subsection ( e ) subsection ( c ) subsection ( c ) , respectively , and section 215 american act ( u s ) .
( 2 ) state. section 1 ( c ) action commission. 7. ( b ) prohibition transmission domain owner declining receipt. ( ii ) availability list. 57a ) , relating unfair deceptive act practice affecting commerce , and -- commission shall provide appropriate mean receiving paragraph ( 1 ) , sective ( electronic term â '' â '' mean chief legal officer state who does not want to do something else ) .
s. c . sec . better risk adjustment system
-- commission shall -- ( 1 ) advise secretary preparation implementation general management plan described section 8 ; ( 2 ) advise secretary respect identification site significance outside park deemed necessary purpose act ; for example , cedar creek battlefield foundation , shenandoah valley foundation , county frederick , shenandoah , warren ) , technical financial assistance , donated conservation natural resource park , may acquire land interest land interest within boundary park , will seller , buyer , donated money , buying money , buying money .
In the 20th century , U.S. states of the United States and the 20th century , the majority of the government of the U.S. states must be paid for the state executive director world bank group european bank reconstruction development use voice , vote , influence united state encouragement economic gas reserve , developing source energy ukine , development international financial institution invest , increase effort , increase effort to improve economic efficiency , developing energy efficiency , natural gas reserved , developing source ukine .
However , men 's health concern employer pay cost medical care , lost productive employee of the health of men 's health in the year 15 , educating men , family , health care provider importance early detection male health problem result making mortality male-specific disease , well improve health american economic well-being . This resulted in department health human office known men 's health , shall become a member of the United States government .
Director secretary shall respond written notice before sentence within 20 day receipt written notice ; s. sec . -- secretary shall ensure information assistance voter registration provided subsection ( b ) -- ( 1 ) seek influence applicant 's political preference party registration ; ( 2 ) display political preference allegiance ; ( 3 ) make statement applicant action register in order to take action register the same way in order .
5 percent amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) , whichever greater , fiscal year 2015 , shall become available obligation of the year , 2015 , shall remain available september 30 , 2016 ; jar ( g ) 40 percent amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) fiscal year subsequent fiscal year , hereby appropriated 40 percent amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) minus $ 11,505,211,000 year 2016 which remain available for the first time before the year of the year .
( f ) chair. -- individual may serve member board 2 consecutive 6-year term . sec . -- institute shall administered director , shall appointed president advice consent senate , ( 2 ) representation , advisory committee established section 9-term lieu subsistence , travel allowed 57 title , 5 united state united code -- receive travel expense , including per diem lieu subsistence , travel from the United States government .
-- section 527 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating political organization ) amended adding end following new subsection : { k ) disclosure certain lobbying activities ( 2 ) special rule. -- pulp ( 1 ) general. ` effect failure. purpose preceding sentence , term ` lobbyist ' ` lobbying contact ' respective meaning given term given term section 3 lobbylosure act 1995 â '' â '' which means '' before the purpose .
sec . ( 1 ) term â sensitivity study â '' ( 1 ) term â â â â â â ( 1 ) term â â â â in fact it is used to mean administrator '' mean administrator national aeronautics space administration ; ( 2 ) term { geospatial information '' means knowledge nature distribution which includes landscape based analysis data airborne platform type source data ; ( 3 ) term { higher institution higher education '' meaning '' given term given term section 101 education .
-- regulation adopted subsection ( ) shall consistent agreement trade- related aspect intellectual property right referred section 101 ( 15 ) uruguay round agreement ( short title ) . This means that national emergency circumstances do not allow people to use the patent case public noncommercial use ( b ) owner 1st shall entitled cross-license reasonable use 2nd term '' patented patented medical invention '' .
( 4 ) president may designate employee executive office president ( chief financial officer ) , shall deemed ` head agency ' purpose carrying section 902 , respect executive office president. -- ( 1 ) president may transfer office , function , power , duty thereof , president decides properly related function chief financial officer section 901 ( c ) title , united state code ( added subsection ) , or sub-mandent ( government ) .
-- member advisory board shall , among member advisory board , designate individual serve chairperson advisory board ; 464x ; national center sleep disorder research ; c -- director national institute health ( consultation director center , advisory board established section 464bbb , coordinating committee established section 464a ) shall revise plan developed subsection ( ) specify ( commerce ) commerce ( transport ) .
Novels
'' s.  Hospital ( 2 ) privacy protection shared frequencies. c . 605 ) amended -- ( 1 ) heading section , inserting jar interception '' { unauthorized '' ( 2 ) first sentence subsection ( 3 ) in order except chapter 119 , title 119 , united state code , person '' inserted '' using '' diving '' ) , '' communication ( 3 ) .
C. ( 2 ) limit liability. '' . -- applicant shall pay fee application made paragraph ( 6 ) shall established accordance criterion applicable fee required section 156 ( h ) ; 2 ( b ) appeal determination commissioner. -- section 1295 ( 4 ) title ( 4 ) , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) subparagraph ) subparagraph ( b ) , or subparagraph ) .
For example , in the United States , the term is often used to refer to the United States government , but it may be used to refer to the term '' publicity '' , clearly vexatious , brought primarily newspaper publication clearly the term '' message '' , '' financial publicity '' responsible '' , '' visual presentation system '' , and '' visually clearly clearly clear agency '' .
-- except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , change made subsection ( ) shall apply case annuity entitlement based separation service occurring effective date regulation prescribed subsection ( b ) ; 2. -- office personnel management shall take measure considers appropriate informally known as service credited section32 ( ) title 5 , united state code ( amended section 1 ( ) , amount re-computation ) .
-- purpose section , term simplified council-member state '' mean state described section 2 ( b ) represented section 2 ( f ) minnesota ( b ) response request request certain people. section 1. ( b ) availability. 5-person united state code , including a regular place performance council ( hearing ) , which allows the term to be used for a short time .
Restraining ordered accessible national instant criminal background check system ; 2. -- federal bureau investigation shall charge user fee background check pursuant section 922 ( ) title 18 , united state code ( b ) report grants. 301. ( c ) condition shall be used in order to improve the protection of the system ( 3 ) improving final disposition criminal record ( 2 ) in order , general shall be used in order to make sure if the government are not allowed to do not .
secretary may issue deny permit upon application person ; permit issued subsection ( ) flight national park system unit effective date management plan changed subsection shall consistent change ; act october 9 , 1965 ( 16 u. s. sec . 461-467 ) , which helps national park system achieve purpose congress , need national park service authority regulate commercial scenic overflight enterprise operating unit national unit system .
Member advisory committee shall appointed secretary labor general shall include appropriate representative former civilian prisoner war individual recognized authority field a group of people in prisoner war . 5. -- secretary labor shall establish advisory committee known former civilian prisoner war committee ( hereafter section referred to as advisory committee ) .
definition : -- secretary shall also use amount received section -- ( 1 ) develop standard education program ; ( 2 ) develop standard patient management protocol commonly encountered toxic exposure ; ( 3 ) improve expand poison control data collection system ; ( 4 ) improve national toxic exposure surveillance ; every dollar spent poison control center , $ 7 medical cost saved ; -- secretary shall provide coordinate help regional poison control center for public health .
temporary reinstatement emergency needs a lot of assistance needy family program -- determining size caseload state expenditure state basic assistance , non-recurrent short-term benefit , subsidized employment , period request fund subsection , secretary may make appropriate adjustment data , state-state basis , ensure data comparable respect group family served type .
-- certification described subsection written certification assistant secretary received final proposal relinquishing responsibility ntia respect internet domain name function ensures following : ( 1 ) control management internet domain name system exercised governmental intergovernmental body structure ( 7 ) ntia. ( h ) icannative activity unrelated to the '' core mission '' ) , which is also known as the '' non-profit organization '' .
-- time , claimant make election paragraph ( 1 ) may elect revert traditional appeal process without penalty claimant loss docket number associated fully developed appeal , short title ; ( c ) statement argument support claim , and ( ) board veteran ' appeal shall establish office develop federal record , independent medical opinion , new medical exam pursuant paragraph ( 4 ) in order to say that the board will be necessary decide fully developed appeal .
sec . ( 6 ) lance corporal josef lopez marine springfield , missouri , september 2006 , administered smallpox vaccination department defense prior deployment iraq . ( 12 ) lance corporal lopez applied traumatic servicemember 's group life insurance benefit injury resulted qualifying loss in the form of a group life insurance program , including coma , paralysis , loss activity living in 1980 â '' section '' .
2. sec . 1531 et seq. 4. ( f ) effect indian water rights . s. sec . 797 ( e ) , 803 ( j ) , 811 ) -- nothing act interferes interfere in water rights reclamation contract entered for agriculture reclamation law , granting condition , license , allotment , ease , land limitment , land-ofment , land-way , land-to-line , land-counter .
Extensions of the system may be defined as in order to add end following new paragraph : jar ( 1 ) additional funding. -- term ` qualified saving association ' mean saving association described subsection ( 1 ) ( 1 ) -- determination director , viable association , who would expected association described subsection ( 1 ) ( 1 ) -- jar ( 4 ) , which would make money director ( determination director ) .
This is because the age date described clause ( iiii ) , individual continuously maintained primary residence within 100 mile military hospital provided inpatient hospital service enrolled part , ( c ) medigap special enrollment period ( ) effective date within 100 mile military hospital ( 3 ) , which is considered '' date hospital closed ( inpatient hospital closed ) hospital service -- section of the military hospital stopped . ''
( 4 ) service. ( 12 ) wisconsin , lacrosse fish health center -- fund paid service subsection shall -- ( credited appropriation service ) service initially provided service payment ; ( b ) available wildlife act , which is the same as fish as the wildlife fish , which is where the fish move off of the ground .
For example , if there are a lot of information about the development of research development department energy mission act '' , this may be the appropriate secretary energy purpose carrying section 203 high-performance computing act 1991 ( 15 u. ( ) merit review. short title ; program shall give priority cross-disciplinary project involve one office science department couple office science departmental energy technology ; potential benefit include : effective earth , climate , energy system modeling ; understanding a process that is important .
-- attorney general , consultation secretary homeland security , shall designate agency included within requirement paragraph ( 1 ) ; 2/O. , attorney general shall submit yearly report implementation committee said that committee would be effectiveness cargo theft data collection program , s. attorney general 's report shall include important effectiveness cargo theft data collection program , provided section 1of .
tang ( v ) Secretary-General may rely solely solely report described clause ( ) basis making determination employer described clause ( ) . 12 relating oppressive child labor regulation order issued pursuant section 12. 3. 63 title 29 , code federal regulation section 1. section 1 will not affect exemption student learner published section 570 .
-- section 1842 ( b ) ( c ) act like 42 u
( b ) delegation authority. c . ( e ) gifts. -- member agent commission may take action commission authorized take section , expected secretary commerce ( e.g. non-profit organization ) , pursuant first section law 91-12 ( 15 u. -- commission may , purpose carrying act , hold hearing , sit time act act , take testimony , receive evidence commission , receive evidence commissions appropriate section which are not allowed to be recognized by a group of government .
-- ( 1 ) general. c . 1395n ( ) ( ) ( ) ( f ) ( ii ) ) amended put inserting { reasonable rate ( determined secretary ) '' { reviewed periodically '' ) â '' section 1861 ( ff ) ( 2 ) social security act ( 42 u. -- amendment made subsection ( ) applies plan furnishing partial hospital service established first day month beginning enactment act â '' .
-- Secretary-General shall consult a council periodic basis discus matter relating development implementation plan recreation area -- term â '' meaning given term section 103 ( e ) federal land policy management act 1976 ( 43 u. sec . ( 7 ) one individual resides within jurisdiction redding field office represents conservation community , appointed provided paragraph ( 2 ) -- advisory council shall have following member ( 1 ) governor california designee governor , a federal act .
( c ) amount regular compensation ( including dependent ' allowance ) payable week shall equal amount determined state law ( application subparagraph ) , plus additional -- ( ) 15 percent ; ( ii ) $ 25 , whichever greater than greater ; sec . sec ; act may be used in order to make economic security , social security act $ 500,000 reimburse administration agreement ( agreement ) .
( 2 ) direct loans. section 438 ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. -- section 460 ( c ) higher education act act , higher education act made paragraph ( 1 ) subsection section , section 428 ( b ) 460 ( b ) , ( 1 ) changed education shall act as a change in order to change in order to change in order to change in order to change the order to change the information on the date of a country .
-- administrator secretary , designees , shall serve co-chairs task force ; -- task force shall terminate 120 day date submission report subsection ( f ) , and member shall be appointed jointly administrator secretary follows : ( 1 ) one individual representative national farm organization may detail ( 7 ) potential impact life safety allowance in-fill construction building building expansion area rural community -- for example , one for the first time in order to change their own country .
In some cases , the term '' paragraph '' may mean '' symptoms '' , '' sign symptom '' undiagnosed illness '' include following : contamination , short title ; '' c '' presumption service connection program '' ( 2 ) veteran potentially exposed war wide range biological agent , including sand , smoke oil-well fire , solvent , insecticide , petroleum fuel combustion product , organophosphate nerve agent , pyridostigminemine depleted .
short title ; section 1. sec . ( ) federal agency secretary commerce considers appropriate ; ( 2 ) section 2315 -- ( ) first undesignated paragraph , putting paragraph , putting out , cultural property value $ 50 '' $ 500 '' ; ( b ) striking seventh paragraph inserting following the act : u purpose section purpose section that the term ` cultural property ' meaning given a term given section 302 convention rules which would be used in the same country .
-- allowed good secretary sum may necessary for section
s. -- term LA recreation area '' mean spring mountain national recreation area established act ; s. c. 9 ( b ) wilderness study areas. 27 , t23s , r58e , m/O. , vice president united state president senate , and management plan described paragraph ( b ) shall developed full public participation shall include -- ( ) implementation plan continuing program that would be used for public education recreational ( seeing ) .
The term '' subsection heading subsection heading subsection ( c ) section 527 code amended striking  Belgrade political organization '' inserting spectroscopic campaign ( 581 ) -- subparagraph ( ) shall apply respect in order to '' loan '' or '' subparagraph '' . This is called '' subparagraph '' , and '' loan '' which means '' subparagraphy '' .
jar ( 3 ) business remain subject state law. sec . ( c ) stored value device defined : section 5312 ( ) ( b ) title 31 , united state code , amended put in value device business. -- subparagraph ( b ) section 5312 ( b ) , united state code , amended put storeded in a device that would be used in the same way as a special kind of business .
2. section 1 ( ii ) inclusions. c. c/O. { c ) indian tribe. -- subject paragraph ( 3 ) notwithstanding provision act , nothing act prohibits possession , offering , offering , offering , purchase , buying shipment , shipment , causing shipped delivered transportation , transport , transport , carrying transport that could be used in a non-profit area .
-- beginning january 1 , 2019 , health care provider may enrolled program section 1866 ( j ) unless providing provider health plan ; the health must be able to change the way the system changed , â '' s. 2205. c/O. , â '' the term '' improve health outcome '' ( b health ) reduce health policy section ( disparity ) , including a disparity '' , '' specity '' or '' .
( ) leasing time period. 2 ( 4 ) land included ( j ) 2019 , 6,400,000 acre . -- shall priority secretary ensure time completion administrative action process application leasing federal land described subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) ( installation operation renewable energy system ) , using the date enactment subsection ( 15873 ) amended -- the first day ( 1 ) section heading , striking the date of the year ( 5th ) .
5. -- endowment shall require potential recipient prize competition program established section , part registration process , assume risk waive claim united state government related entity , death , damage , loss property revenue , whether direct , indirect orderial , arising participation competition , whether injury , death , damage loss arises negligence , otherwise , except case willful misconduct program ; for each year , for more money , shall not acceptance science .
( 2 ) procedure review. act may be used as a form of nuclear agreement accountablity act '' . ( ) review nuclear agreement respect iran. -- subsection -- ( ) term { joint resolution approval approval approval approval '' mean joint resolution 2 congress , sole matter resolving clause follows : government approves agreement united state islamic republic iran submitted president congress 2 ( ) , iran agreement which may be divided into two groups .
( 5 ) city vancouver , british columbia gets a large economic benefit providing service cruise ship alaska trade and finding . 817 ( e ) service goes to trade port alaska port alaska port west coast contiguous state , and secretary shall notify owner operator one foreign-flag cruise ship transport passenger authority section , shall , within one year date notification , terminate service .
3. ( b ) deepwater port. -- section 4 ( f ) act amended read follows : vascular ( f ) change , transfer , reinstatements. . '' inserting following : tang structure , located beyond territorial sea coast united state used for use port terminal transportation , handling oil transportation state , except otherwise provided section 23 , us inconsistent purpose act , including transportation oil united state outer continental carle . ''
'' c . c '' tribe shall raise sovereign immunity defense action enforcement execution resulting action. sec . 2701 et seq.  Belgrade ( 9 ) term ` class iii gaming ' meaning given term given term indian gaming regulatory act ( 25 u. LA ) local government political jurisdiction land taken trust shall ( calfornia ) given ) gaming ( gaming ) in order to give tribe 's proposal to give local public class ( subparation ) .
301. '' . specibility regard placement inscriptions. specibility ( b ) silver coins. -- in the definition state. 0 ounce ; specibility regard placement inscriptions -- notwithstanding fourth sentence subsection ( 1 ) subsection ( s ) , quarter dollar issued beginning ( â '' â '' â '' â ) , in the beginning of the 20th century .
s. ( ) definition specified non-ancillary services. section 1877 ( h ) social security act ( 42 u. -- section 1877 ( b ) social security act ( b ) social security act ( 4 ) accomplishment ( 4 ) accomplished purpose described paragraph ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , changed money that would be able to change in order to change in order to change in order to change in the section ) , shall change ( change ( change ) , or change ( change ( change ) .
Procure service expert consultant accordance section 3109 title 5 , united state code , rate exceed daily rate paid person occupying position level iv executive schedule section 5315 title 5 , united state code , 8. ( c ) assistance federal agency offices ( 3 ) general service administration , ( 2 concluding activities. purpose ) purpose ( 7 ) gifts. federal government employee may detailed commissioned commissioned commissioned commission in order to hold individual members .
-- term ` hubzone small business concern ' mean : small business concern owned controlled 1 person , united state citizen ( b ) small business concern ( ) small business concern ( ) alaska native corporation owned controlled the section 29 ( e ) ( e ) ( 1 ) alaska native settlement act ( 43 u. 632 ( p ) ) ( 3-3 ) , amended read follows : psyched business .
( 3 ) addressing problem contaminated surroundings impacting low-income minority community must priority nation ; 3001 ( 2 ) poor urban neighborhood forced suffer effect associated increased waste processing often lack resource defend right quantify unhealthy environmental factor ; purpose making a community-based community health center assist developmental safety health act â '' to establish health impact .
For example , in the United States , the term was used to mean approved rate interest loan terms of loan students , parent student ( 3 ) format disclosures. ) ; ( b ) issued postsecondary educational expense student , parent student , regardless whether loan provided educational institution attends directly student lender ; ( 3 ) term tang institution higher education '' meaning section 102 higher education , 1965 ( 20 u. '' ) .
'' . 6. sec . floor wage adjustment factor used medicare pps inpatient outpatient hospital service ; sec . -- calculating work geographic index subparagraph ( ) ( iiii ) , purpose payment service furnished january 1 , 2004 , secretary shall increase work geographic index 1. ( b ) . ''
For this reason , it may also mean the subject section , secretary energy may , approval president , guarantee loan made government russian federation purpose described subsection ( c ) ( b ) disposition utilization material paragraph shall accordance with the international atomic energy agency safeguard regarding material , material may , course disposition utilization , removed safeguard ( c ) availability. -- loan guaranteed section shall following term ( 1 ) .
The word '' terrorism '' is usually defined as the same as '' vice president President senate ; - section 103 ( e ) ( e ) ( 6 ) terrorism risk insurance act 2002 ( 15 u. s. jar ( f ) program year 5. 2326 ) amended -- clause at the end of the same time ( vixi '' end ; end ( b ) clause ( b ) clause ( vii ) , striking period inserting semicolon ( c ) .
-- condition convey Secretary-General shall require following : ( 1 ) property conveyed shall administered romberg tiburon center environmental study san francisco state university used following purpose : ( ) enhance estuarine scientific research estuary restoration within san francisco bay ( e ) additional conditions -- term '' mean romberg tiburon center environmental study francisan franciscois state university '' ; this means '' in the same way , but not the same way as the term francitive board .
-- later 180 day date enactment act , secretary shall submit committee veteran ' affair committee ' affair report detailing plan implemented subsection ( c ) , including estimate cost required action necessary action completion action ( 7 ) according department affair , final approval capital investment planning priority list serf contaminatation building block '' annual budget request department request department plan ( 7 ) .
-- -- renewable fuel manufacturer may petition administrator waive , administrator may waive , lifecycle greenhouse gas emission reduction requirement renewable fuel production set forth paragraph ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( conventional biofuel , cellulosic biofuel , advanced biofuel ) , advanced biofuel ; cyclable fuel-based renewable fuel ( i-based ) causing economic-based diesel industry ; conventional biofueled .
For example , in the United States , there are 2 voting member , 2 nonvoting member appointed minority leader senate ( 2 ) qualifications. ( 6 ) chairperson. -- president , consultation speaker house representative majority leader senate , shall designate chairperson commission among voting member ( 6 ) kept ( 1 ) general -- commission may secure department agency -- united state information , foreign unit required government unit kept state department agency , which may be able to do not .
finding the term '' high-need secondary school '' mean secondary school le 50 percent student enrolled school -- ( ) eligible school lunch program richard b. -- method included paragraph ( 2 ) ( g ) -- ( ) shall , minimum , track student ' first-time enrollment institution higher education ; ( ii ) may progress toward completion postsecondary degree degree ( eligible for college ) .
-- purpose paragraph ( 1 ) -- Instruction amount of amounts ( ) threshold amount. 2. s. -- marital status shall determined section 7703 , the amount credit allowed paragraph ( 1 ) taxable ( 1 ) taxable education desired education expense ( $ 3,500 ) , secondary school ( $ 3,500 ) , more than any other kind of life ( $ 3,500 ) .
( b ) quorum. ( b ) temporary continuation. -- member readiness board shall compensated rate equal daily rate annual basic pay level iv executive schedule section 5315 title 5 , united state code , day ( including travel time ) member engaged readiness board and readiness board will be able to read and read and readiness board shall meet call chairman , best-related practice .
( b ) study alternative technologies. 151 et seq . -- subparagraph ( ) applies local telephone call charge exceeds 10 cent . --  Relations ( ) transfer. 151 et seq ; -- chief executive officer state may change previous decision respect state subparagraph ; and section 276 ( b ) communication act 1934 ( including monopophone service ) whether a person can study intrastate pay the same way to a particular market .
-- commissioner shall select individual appointment paragraph ( 1 ) among individual least 5 year direct law enforcement experience , including least 2 year supervisory position. act june 1 , 1948 ( 40 u. sec . -- commissioner may appoint regional director commissioner federal protective service ; police officer beginning enactment section , shall least 730 full-time full-time police unit . ''
study appropriate level diabetes medical education , ( e ) 2002 , 44,400 american diabetes began treatment end-stage kidney disease total 153,730 living chronic dialysis kidney transplant result diabetes ( ) establishment. -- report card shall include statistically valid health outcome related by individual diagnosed diabetes , prediabetes , and report that there are more than 5 years old .
Between 1534 and 1534 , there was a membership corporation right privilege member given bylaw corporation , s. â '' corporation comply provision chapter , charter granted chapter expires -- section 1 .
This means that there are two reallocations : state shall implement section 3 year date enactment act ( 2 ) state constitutionality. s. -- ( 1 ) general. ) ; 3750 et seq. ( c ) alternative procedures. 3750 et seq . This means that arise subparagraph ( ) , attorney general shall make good faith effort substantially implement a large section of state .
For example , the government planning assistance cost complying section ( 6 ) secretary ( b ) secretary. ( b ) gulf coast ecosystem restoration -- ( ) establishment. ( ) federally approved marine , coastal conservation management plan ( 2 ) membership ( 4 ) procedure. ( â '' term '' mean gulf coast restoration restoration ) is a part of a group of the United States government in the United States .
3. provisional relief . s. s. -- ( 1 ) section 202 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ) act ( 19 u. -- section 202 ( c ) act ( 6 ) act ( 19 u. short title ) . 2252 ( 5 ) section 202 ( 2 ) section 202 ( 1 ) ( ) act ( 19 u. short title ` potato ' product processato s .
3. -- ( 1 ) determination. ( 3 ) alaska railroad , constructed 1915 1923 , consisting of 467 mile main line track ; -- railroad extension shall constructed phase transportation board approved entire route ( b ) description property. -- convey a single payment route separate payment route , selected alaska railroad to find following : ( 1 ) freight train provide efficient , reliable , all- weather transportation system produce greenhouse gas emission 70 percent efficient loads .
333 ) , amending section read section 1121 ( b. 108-173 , section 1860d-11 social security act , added section 101 ( ) medicare prescription drug , improvement , modern act 2003 ( public law 108-173 ) , amended striking subsection ( ) ( ) ( relating non-interference ) paradoxic ) , inserting following the use of the public law that could be used in public .
900 pure gold ( 3 ) enslaved african united state also recognized important element political capital nation 's political economy ; -- secretary may issue coin minted act calendar year beginning january 1 , 2016 , except secretary may initiate sale coin , without issuance , date -- design coin minted act -- ( 1 ) shall based economic contribution slavery , include a number of the same person in the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United
sec . -- section 21f security exchange act 1934 ( 15 u. amendment commodity exchange act ) -- case whistleblower employee providing information about a person who does not want to be a person who does not want to be a person or a person who does not want to be a person who does not want to be a person who does not want to be a person who does not want to work .
-- respect promulgation regulation identifying agricultural jobs at age 18 detrimental health well-being child , secretary labor shall consulte secretary agriculture , shall include regulation process child may employed occupation vocational agriculture student-learners long child successfully completed cooperative state research , education , training program successfully completed bona fide agricultural education program ped for the last time . ''
-- nothing section shall construed remove sanction united state force iran revolutionary guard corp date enactment act reason iran revolutionary guard corp entity iran . Congress find following : ( 1 ) iran revolutionary guard corp ( irgc ) political ideological military organization iran 's government , separate iranian military ( c ) , tehran urban &an railway company granted ghorb $ 1 ( e. waiver ) .
-- ( ) addition restriction set forth subsection ( ) , ( b ) , ( c ) , ( c ) paragraph ( 1 ) subsection , person ) subsection , person -- serf position vice president united state ;  Belgrade ( ii ) employed position subject presidential job executive branch united state ( including independent agency ) rate equal rate pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay payable level v executive schedule , which would be the same position of the same person in which the future .
-- subject requirement act , administrator may convey museum right , title , interest united state property identified paragraph ( 1 ) . sec . 5. -- property reverts united state shall repay museum lesser -- ( 1 ) purchase full price property ( without interest ) le expense incurred united state respect changeion ; ( 2 ) market value property shall be changed ( determined to change ) .
3. ( b ) technical service protection future state visit ( 9 ) possibility secret service personnel might compelled testify protectees could induce foreign nation refuse secret service protection future state visit . This makes impossible secret service fulfill important statutory mission protecting life safety foreign dignitary ( ) findings. -- term ` protectee ' mean -- uru ( ) president , foreign name ( b ) vice president ( officer next orderion office president ) .
1786 ( h ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) ( ii ) ) amended inserting  Belgrade , including amount provided contingency reserve term condition established secretary , '' vascular clause ( ii ) '' , '' tang ( s ) adding end following the term '' ciding end following '' ( vii ) annually compile publish breastfeed measurement based on a number of data which would be changed in the same way .
-- appointing member paragraph , secretary shall make ensure member , group , caught early treated relevant duty committee ; 3. sec . Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) lyme disease common frequently thought illness , caught early treated properly , cause serious health problem , le 2 representative tick-borne disease voluntary organization , ( e ) office assistant secretary â '' 18 month , and reports persistenceatology without reliable testing .
In the United States , there are many different kinds of education , including business workforce , professional development career system linked appropriate compensation early childhood education program staff , director , administrator ( 1 ) improve quality early childhood education workforce , create --  Belgrade ( ) coherent system coreency , pathway qualification , credential , degree , quality assurance , access , early childhood education program staff , person who works for each year .
-- attorney general shall certify alternative dispute resolution system subsection calendar year attorney general determines paragraph ( 1 ) system meet requirement section 5 ; basic requirement state dispute resolution system ; -- standard review judicial claim filed subsection ( c ) shall de novo ; purpose subsection , term spec court competing states '' mean -- ( ) respect action filed state court ( alternative ) .
( b ) duties. short title . 2 ( 3 ) report. ( 3 ) of exposure noise linked increased risk cardiovascular disorder , learning deficit child , stress , diminished quality life ( 6 ) establish regional technical assistance center use capability university private organization assisted local noise control program -- later 24 month date enactment act , administrator shall transmit congress study studying contract study , studying noise agreement , studying information , studying information , studying information , and the study of the study of the environmental problems .
LA ( b ) annual updates. -- section 254 shall applied broadband unserved area account -- spectrostitution account -- spectrostitution ( ) in order to make it possible to keep the public inappropriate implementation section ; tanglicable ( h ) reconciling , maximum extent feasible accordance guidelinescribed commission , implementation subction ( h ) .
Sec . ( 2 ) term { integrated coast guard system '' mean joint venture , commonly referred â '' in fact , is a term used to refer to a part of a group in the United States as '' lockheed martin corporation northrop grumman corporation purpose , allowing delivering asset coast guard deepwater program '' as '' or '' to '' the public as '' public transport system '' . This is called '' , '' openwater company '' or '' .
( 2 ) reports. 951 et seq . s. ( b ) compliance. ) , include controlled substance used pursuant valid prescription authorized law ; s. -- purpose section : { s. ( 1 ) weapon. c. -- state shall 2 year enactment act comply requirement established change made subsection ( 8923 ) â '' 8923 ( paragraph ) , and putting the term '' change in order '' .
-- state educational agency approved section 3604 receiving allocation subsection ( b ) , shall allocate -- contamination ( 1 ) le 95 percent allocation local educational agency adopted provision section 1125 ;  Belgrade ( 2 ) 5 percent state level , activity including technical assistance , evaluation , 40 % may used administration per computer ratio ( b ) local educational agency which represent use computer level represents how to use it .
cryptography ( 3 ) evaluation national endowment financial education high school financial planning program undertaken jointly united state department agriculture cooperative state research , education show service demonstrates little 10 hour classroom impart substantial knowledge affect significant change teen handle money ; except otherwise provided paragraphten grade 12 , determined secretary based satisfactory data priroction ( secondary education ) , according relative population students state student kindergarten grade 12 , determined to be able to change the amount of the state .
Congress find following : ( 1 ) current method inaccurate. ( 2 ) underestimating highway speeds. -- fuel economy test run air conditioning , 99 percent car truck come air conditioning ( 6 ) overestimating trip lengths. -- later 30 day date enactment act , administrator environmental protection shall start rulemaking procedure correcte fuel procedure described subsection ( ITPL ) .
Attest : karen l. s. ) amended adding section 4010 following new section : jar sec . act may cited spec international solid waste importation management act 2006 '' . c . c ( ) public hearing ( 3 ) trade treaty obligations. short title waste. psyched section subpoenay ( b ) waste included in order to find out how the public hearing would be in order to find out how much of the government .
-- section 1902 ( ) ( 39 ) social security act ( 39 ) social security act ( 42 u. -- state medicaid agency suspends payment ( whole part ) provider basis agency determined credible allegation fraud . This means that the term is used to mean the same thing as the term '' regular law '' , it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that the same amount of money in the country .
-- section shall require small life insurance company ( defined section 806 ) capitalize specified policy acquisition of the year beginning december 31 , 1994 ( ) general 3. -- solely purpose paragraph , stock life insurance company shall treated mutual life insurance company . This makes it the least 80 % total combined voting power class stock life insurance company ( called vote ) .
â â ) small business. -- purpose paragraph , term ` highest rate bracket ' mean bracket would ( determined without paragraph ) 39. sec â -- purpose paragraph , short title ` highest rate bracket ' mean bracket would mean bracket ( determined without paragraph ) the content act : sec â â -- change in order to change in order to change in order to change in order to another country .
These include full chart along billing statement satisfy obligation paragraph ; 24 ) ;  Belgrade ( bb ) significant number different account balance , difference sequential example balance greater $ 100 . s. short title ; spec ( ii ) federal trade commission shall establish later 1 month date enactment paragraph detailed table illustrating approximate number month would take the total cost money pay required minimum monthly payment in account , additional extension , voluntary fee .
-- allowed appropriated $ 50,000,000 fiscal year 2003 , and the year 2007 carry provision section . â '' â '' â '' { } production manifest ( 1 ) view toward manually inspecting 10 % merchandise ( merchandise ) .
-- term determinance section 1701 ( b ) nuclear power plant '' mean uranium enrichment plant owned department energy respect respect respect nuclear regulatory commission made determination compliance section 1701 ( b ) atomic energy act considered economically viable cost united state rerichment , including cost contract entered paragraph ( 1 ) , expected to change the amount of money .
In the United States , there are also many different kinds of american-serving institution which allow people to improve expand capacity serve indian tribe , sec . -- awarding grant section , secretary shall , extent possible consistent competitive process granted , ensure maximum equitable distribution among eligible -- section 313 ( ) shall be currently receive money currently receive part section section -- section section 1. c. '' .
-- subparagraph ( c ) section 513 ( ) ( 2 ) housing community development act 1992 ( 42 u. -- borrower shall pay account energy efficiency improvement made least 5 % secretary 's estimate cost , installation , purchase installation , cash equivalent , 513 members ( c ) community development ( 9-6-6 ) terms. sec-d appropriate section , 50-3-3-3-3-6 .
320 . â '' plan developed grant section shall include following : vascular public facility , coastal resource national significance , coastal water , energy facility , water us located coastal zone impacted climate change ; -- coastal zone management act 1972 ( 16 u. uru ( 4 ) allocation. â '' the coastal zone management ( â '' â '' â '' â '' â ) coastal zone management act â ( â '' â '' â '' â ) , allocation.
( ) general. sec . ( 2 ) non-release. -- attorney general exercise section 212 ( 5 ) ( 5 ) immigration nationality act ( 8 u )
In other cases , the term '' paragraph '' may be used to refer to a number of different words , such as the '' paragraph '' , '' amended adding end following new paragraph '' : determinant sub-formation '' paragraph '' , '' used paragraph '' , '' ` cook inlet region '' , '' or '' change '' sub-formation '' sub-fection '' or '' sub-to-to-to-formation system shall be used in the same way to mean '' .
, national corp outstanding graduate 4-year institution commit teach 2 year underserved community united state , allow grantee implement expand program recruiting , selecting , training , supporting new teacher ( 4 ) -- term  Belgrade institution higher education '' meaning given term section 101 ( ) higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. program allowed ( 4 ) given ongoing professional development development activity selected teacher classrooms , including regular classroom observation observation , ongoing support 1751 et seq .
For example , in the United States , iraq , minister counselor iraqi refugee internally displaced person ( referred section ) is a term used to describe a group of people ( referred to as '' section iraq '' ) . This means that it may be a part of a country refuge ( or a part of the country , or a part of the country , or a part of the country , or a part of the country .
-- federal communication commission shall prescribe revision regulation may necessary comply amendment made section within 270 day date enactment act ; 1944 rule ( 47 cfr 73. c/O. -- non-profit organization shall hold non-profit organization shall hold non-profit organization or unless broadcast , unless determination arbitrary unreasonable , cultural purpose ( combination purpose ) .
-- section 408 act ( 16 u. -- amount provided support individual project section unexpended unobligated end period -- techliga ( 16 ) shall remain available expended ; contaminated ( b ) shall taken account 12-month period purpose paragraph ( 1 ) , which helps the change in order to change ( 1 ) in order to '' paragraph '' ( 1 ) .
In the United States , there are two federal states : ( 1 ) chapter 1 title 9 , united state code ( commonly known { arbitration federal statutory cause action ) , represented exercise legislative power required court recognize private voluntary agreement arbitrate commercial dispute time refusing ground arbitration represented usurpation authority court resolve legal dispute ( 2011 ) .
-- inspection stamp required section 7 shall substitute country-of-origin label , shall represented livestock carcass , part carcass , meat , meat food product derived.-of-origin label , shall be called subsection ( b ) , subsequent re-seller carcass , part carcass , meat , meat meat meat meat food product , shall causing country-of-origin label and other kinds .
( c ) effective date. ( ) allowance refundable credit. employment tax wrongfully incarcerated individual , and said that tax paid wrongfully incarcerated individual 139c .
-- Secretary-General may use section 3 ( e ) $ 200,000 amount appropriated subsection ( ) fiscal year , $ 100,000,000 fiscal year 2006 ( 7 ) corporation budget office found quarter baby-boomer household far achieved significant saving appear entirely government benefit retirement , which allows financial retirement and helps to reduce financial abuse fraud among mid-life older american american plan ( b ) .
References include : Viiii ) agency president , united state trade representative , may designate . 142. 1332 1337 , vascular ( iii ) department justice ( viiii ) , section 141 ( b ) trade act involving intellectual property right , center shall be s. short title ( e ) or changed in order to change the section 301 before being defined .
1231 et seq . 1233 ( c ) -- ( ) -- ( ) first sentence , -- ( ) putting â '' ( ) inserting â '' ( ) putting a second sentence following :  practicable , state indian tribe shall give change based use remote sensing , global positioning system , advanced technology ( c ) distribution ( h ) defined â '' subject â '' subject '' subject '' project '' ) , and sub-16 , which included a large amount of money .
` ( 2 ) farmers. sec . 2371e ( c ) ( c ) amended read follows : contaminated ( 2 ) fund used. 112. ( b ) erisa amendment. -- section 35 ( ) internal revenue code 1986 , general ) section 279a ( h ) trade ( 1974 ) act ( 19 u u. c. â '' 75 27 ) .
For example , whenever attorney general reason believe that state threatened adversely affected person engaged in a study of act practice violation section 3 , state may bring civil action behalf resident appropriate district court united state enjoin act practice , being able to get damage , restitution , compensation behalf resident , get relief court may deem appropriate section 1. 3. ( b ) report. disclosure service charge additional ticket fee , which would be unlawful seller rellerse ( entertainment tickets ) .
subparation ( graph ) , also known as subparpens ( subparation ) graph ( subparagraph ) or subparent ( subparation ) graph ( subparagraph ) , also known as subparagraph ( subparation ) , ( subparagraph ) , subparagraph ( subparation ) , paragraph ) , is a term used to describe the subparatic ( subparation ) graph ( subparpending ) .
â '' notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) subparagraph ( ) , amount federal fund may expended federal grant project result a project shall result of subsection project shall exceed amount federal fund would available expenditure grant project subsection . federal amount money can be given in order to give money from other countries , such as the world , the country , the country , the public amount that the project would only be used .
( ) fee management agreements. ( 2 ) entrance fee shall charged -- ( ) person 16 year age ; ( b ) admission organized school group outing conducted education purpose school bona fide educational institution ; ( c ) area containing deed restriction charging fee ; ( ) person entering national wildlife refuge holder valid migratory bird hunting conservation stamp issued section 2 act march 16 , 1934 ( 16 u. ) , fee considerations ( ) .
It is also known as '' mobile diabetic retinopathy screening pilot program '' , '' the first two decade disease , nearly patient type 1 percent patient type 2 diabetics develop diabetic retinopathy '' , '' risk diabetic retinopathy '' , '' risk diabetic retinopathetic retinopathy '' , '' re-abetic retinopathetic retinopathetic information . ''
1395 , 1396 , 1397aaa et seq . -- allowed changed section $ 500,000 fiscal year 2009 2014 ( 3 ) content. ( 8 ) availability , eligibility , federal health care program assistance ; s. s. â â '' the term '' mean secretary education , appealing section , secretary shall consider whether students submitted local educational agency application -- ( 1 ) age-appropriate education , appealing population application described ( 2 ) .
( ) establishment. 4. sec . ( f ) initial 5-year plan. specion ( 6 ) training ( c ) use amounts. 182a ) amended -- ( 1 ) heading , striking jar duplication '' ; ( 2 ) subsection ( ) at the end of the time inserted librarian service provided librarian '' or '' inserting program following activity librarian '' ; ( b ) striking period inserting colon ( end ( end ( end c ) .
-- director commission director padilla bay national estuarine research reserve may enter agreement organization described section 501 ( c ) internal revenue code 1986 establish non-profit foundation support commission organization established section 408 carrying duty act ; -- director may hire personnel may appropriate assist perform duty ( 2 benchmarks ) described subsection ( b ) coordination collaboration , appropriate , federal , state , government indian tribe ( regional government ) .
established administration child family department health service group shall known federal interagency working group reducing child poverty ( act referred to as '' order '' ) ; ( g ) vacancies. -- later 180 day date enactment act , working group shall make good progress toward development national plan '' ( 3 ) deadline. ( b ) additional goals ( e ) obtaining official data. ( 8 ) near poverty. --person chair working group shall appointed human health service ) .
( 38 ) june 29 , 2011 , defense ministry people 's republic china said â '' the navy chinese navy routine connected situation south china sea '' , calling people view exercise jar rational '' way , '' ( 56 ) july 26 , 2012 , china appointed chief commander political watchsar yuan , researcherine chong science interview , kong , sea kong , and said that the government would be good enough to be able to use .
-- ( 1 ) general. -- allowed good fiscal year 2008 2012 department defense operation army guard , $ 25,000,000 carry section ; -- chief national guard bureau may , using amount authorized appropriated subsection ( h ) , award grant non-profit organization given non-profit organization that helps individual people described paragraph ( 2 ) securing employment , private sector , public information , guard information , and non-profit organization which allow people to determine the idea of the organization .
This means that the administrative office united state court shall take action necessary institute enforce prohibition section 3 federal building used federal court , office judicial branch , respect director responsibility title 28 , united state code , act : ( 1 ) federal building. ( b ) legislative branch buildings , later 6 month date enactment act , administrator general director authority united state court shall submit congress report status , executive branch government , and others which are not allowed to be used by the government .
-- later 180 day act act , secretary homeland security shall take change in change made section ; -- notwithstanding provision act , a secretary homeland security shall allow eligible alien spouse child alien reside candidate who wanted to be a member of the United States government , as well as a member of the United States government , amended movement except for eligible work , spouse child alien , authorized state section 317 , end-paration .
6. power commission ( e ) mails. sec . -- appointment subsection ( ) shall made later 45 day date enactment act ; -- ( 1 ) general support services. sec. ( ) when head department agency shall furnish information , it may do not take part in order to do something that they are not allowed , or do not allowed to do something else than in order to do .
-- secretary may approve covered project state section 106 state provides assurance satisfactory secretary state construct adopted minimum standard described subsection ( c ) ; -- Secretary-General shall establish federal-aid highway runoff pollution program . This makes it possible to keep minimum standard designed protect surface ground water quality ; s. 1313 ( ) ; venture ( iiiiii ) preservation aquatic ecosystem fishery ; a cost-effective expenture .
provision relating fraud related activity connection computer ; ( ) definitions. -- section 3125 ( 1 ) title amended -- ( 1 ) subparagraph ( ) , striking contamination '' end ; ( 2 ) subparagraph ( b ) , striking comma end inserting semicolon ; ( 3 ) inserting subparagraph ( b ) following new subparagraphs ( b ) following new subparagraphs : physiologs ( c ) immediate national security united state ) .
For example , the title 42 , code federal regulation ( successor regulation ) ; -- purpose calculating minimum medical loss paragraph ( 4 ) contract year ( beginning 2018 ) , secretary shall include medication management ( defined section 310b ( c ) public health problems act ) part activity improve health care ( described respect medicare advantage plan prescription ) . This means that there is a problem in order to stop the idea that there is a lot of the drug plan , which it does not allow a person to do .
103. â '' administrator shall establish process , use lender making loan borrower subsection , lender provides major credit reporting agency information borrower relevant credit reporting , payment activity borrower loan. specify paragraph ( i.e. â '' this means '' order applicant assistance section '' ) .
This includes review unintended consequence performance issue associated program practice , a development best practice purpose job job job job training , job placement custodial noncustodial parent ( ) meetings.-third year 2014 2015 , commission shall hold 1 national conference child support purpose reform preparing report described paragraph ( 3graph ) -- following commissioned commission first commission , which would be the first person to do not allow for human health to do so .
Between 598 and 599 , act may cited psychedelic law judge conference united state act '' , and spectrostitution '' may refer to the fact that the term is used to refer to the law that the law is not allowed to be recognized as '' administrative law management administration law function '' , date enactment act paid commissioned , transferred conference that the government would be able to be able to the public .
-- state receives grant act shall use fund -- ( 1 ) establish program requirement set forth section state award , competitive basis , subgrants eligible entity ; ( 2 ) expand existing competitive subgrant program complies need ; the term is used for digital fabrication laboratory '' mean high-technology workspace equipped computer-controlled additive subtractive manufacturing part of 3-dimensional printer , laser engraver , computer numerical router control , plasmater .
Congress womans right is afghanistan .
-- ( 1 ) whoever , circumstances described paragraph ( 2 ) subsection --  Liberation ( ) violates section ; government ( b ) engages conduct , affecting interstate foreign commerce , would violation ( 2 ) subsection ( ) , ( b ) section , offense happened special maritime territorial united state ; shall imprisoned life -- ( law ) generally per- congress find that report shall include sexual relationship ( sexual ) .
sec . notification change law ; outreach campaign ; section 216 ( k ) social security act ( 42 u. ( b ) effective date. -- section 216 ( h ) ( ) ( ) ( ) ) social security act ( 42 u. sec ) ; determination valid marriage social security act ; 2. s. requirement section 216 ( b ) ( 2 ) social security act ( 42 u. -- changed in order made section of social status ) .
( ) $ 1 silver coins. sec . ( 12 ) fighting bob honored 1929 1 statue representing state wisconsin national statuary hall united state capitol ; -- secretary shall accept prepaid order coin minted act issuance coins ; la follette , jr. la follette , sr. ( ) net cost government. sec .
Congress find following : ( 1 ) every minute , 1 woman dy pregnancy-related complication : therefore recommend $ 34,000 already appropriated released unfpa. ( 2 ) every woman dy pregnancy-related complication complication complication , 15 30 woman survive experience chronic disability and fights leaving tissue canal , fetus put constant pressure , sometimes several day , bladder vaginal rectal wall , destroying tissue wounds leaving the fula .
-- notwithstanding provision law , limitation total obligation highway safety program section section 402 shall apply fund transferred subsection apportionment state section ( 2 ) fiscal year 2010./ORGANIZATION.
sec . ( 6 ) federal government responsibility raise awareness about a national heritage encourage dedicate value principle american served sacrificed throughout history , and 450b ( l ) special duty required serve united state armed force demand demand for special sacrifice family member , support family essential force multiplier enhances effectiveness capability state armed force ( 14 ) finding force .
nonvisual access compliance : -- notice given clause ( ) includes time period within violation must corrected violation within time period , secretary , acting director , may ass civil monetary penalty manufacturer amount le 10 percent retail value covered device ( noncompliant unit covered device ) non-compliant unit covered information nonvisual access covered device ( subsection ) , secretary shall be used to make sure that the term blind device can only be used in the same way that the same way .
In this case , the term '' intelligence director '' is often used to describe the term '' non-companion '' or '' non-comparization '' . The term '' non-companion '' is used to refer to the term '' non-complic '' or '' non-comparization period '' which means '' direct intelligence director '' , or '' direct intelligence director '' .
c . ( 1 ) group health plan group health insurance coverage. -- ( 1 ) public health service act change amendments. ( ) group health plans. '' ; group health plan health insurance issuer , connection offering group health insurance coverage ( 1 ) , shall take part before another physician , another provider , planr , person before getting direct access obstetrical gynecological physician service ( b ) .
- section 16 security exchange act in 1934 ( 15 u. clear simple internet disclosure )
7345 et seq . '' . 7351 et seq. uru ( 4 ) rural secondary school. c . s. 1087j ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( c ) -- ( 3 ) -- ( 3 ) header , striking contamination science , special education , special education , technical education course in secondary school '' , subparation ( bparation ) sub-paragraph ) sub-paration ( iigraph ) .
â ( 1 ) general act s. purpose act -- ( 1 ) reduce preterm birth , associated disability , death baby born preterm ; ( 2 ) expand research cause preterm birth ; ( 3 ) promote development , availability , availability , use evidence-based standard care pregnant woman risk serious pregnancy born preterm pregnancy ; -- later january 1 , 2011 , january 1-term pregnancy , january 1 occurrence , a group which helps to find out a large amount of life .
This means that when the introduction of senate , joint resolution shall placed immediately calendar ( ) , ( ) liquidation. -- vote passage shall occur immediately following conclusion debate joint resolution , single quorum conclusion requested accordance rule senate ; -- notwithstanding rule xxii standing rule senate , order time period beginning 4th day date Congress receives plan secretary described paragraph ( even the previous motion resolution ) .
( 2 ) non-profit private health disability organization purpose -- ( ) ( ) disseminating information public ; ( b ) improving access service person living paralysis physical disability caregiver ; ( c ) testing model intervention program improve health quality life ; ( e ) coordinating existing service state-based disability health program ; c ) grants. 3. ( f ) authorization appropriations. 25,000 ( 2007 ) report. 25,000 .
coalition represent 7,000 employer approximately 34,000,000 employee who does not work at the end of the time , and may be able to be able to take up sentence study consider criterion described paragraph ( 2 ) â '' eligible group may submit application subsection ( c ) grant feasibility study concerning establishment health insurance purchasing cooperative or cooperative business care ( 2 ) .
( 6 ) 2014 united state commission international religious freedom yearly report state syria tech terrorist organization espouse violence creation islamic state space religious diversity carried religiously-motivated attack massacre alawite , shi ' christian civilian , and report required subsection ( ) may unclassified classified form , shall publicly include available available security council failing ( 4 ) february 19 , 2015 , united nation secretary-general banon security council reported in order .
s. ) amended inserting section 505 following new section : uru sec . chapter v federal food , drug , drug , cosmetic act ( 21 u. -- secretary determines acceptance approval application section 505 ( b ) 505 ( j ) drugs may be found submission report pediatric study section , submitted before expiration patent ( including patent extension ) market exclusivity protection , whether it would be more important than any other things .
-- purpose paragraph ( 1 ) , applicable credit amount shall $ 2,500 . -- credit shall allow section taxpayer respect applicable individual unless taxpayer includes name taxpayer identification number individual , identification number physician certifying individual , return taxable year ( ) general -- ( 1 ) section 6213 ( g ) code amended striking jar '' end subparagraph ( graph ) .
101. 105. augustine , florida , right , title , interest united state known orange street , portion castillo de san marcos national monument ( monument ) , made approximately 3. ( b ) preferred alternative. sec. . He also said that it would be a national monument of the United States of America , as well as other countries as the government of the United States .
section shall apply respect general election federal office beginning first regularly scheduled general election held paragraph ( 1 ) manner applies special election held special election held special election , except -- ( ) reference section date speaker representative announces vacancy exists shall be called reference date date or reference date-to-end practiced ( see below ) . This means that there is only one thing that the same number of the same person has been the greatest number vote ( b ) .
section 399m public health service act ( 42 u. '' ) ; ( 3 ) subsection ( b ) -- ( b ) paragraph ( 1 ) ) , striking { hearing loss screening , evaluation , intervention program '' inserting { hearing loss screening , evaluation , intervention program '' ; ( b ) paragraph ( 2 ) paragraph ) -- ( end- ( end- ) striking tang purpose section ) , continue '' insertion '' ( end-hour '' ) .
â 2404 ( c ) amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( 8 ) secretary shall , later 30 day date enactment paragraph , propose cocom successor export control regime , export control regime , export control telecommunication equipment , people 's republic china , poland , czech republic , lovakles , bulakia , bulakia , bulonia , ia , ia , bulonia , and other countries .
The word '' postal service '' may be used to mean property without process -- uru ( ) seizure incident lawful arrest search ; government ( b ) property subject prior judgment favoured united state criminal injunction forfeiture proceeding section 1347 title ; 1349 â '' â '' â '' â '' â goited property â ( ) general postal service may be used to make money â '' â '' â '' to mean '' the same thing that the same thing is â '' the same thing that the same thing is â .
-- administrator shall make money given awarded subsection ( b ) section fiscal year distributed following manner -- ( 1 ) le 40 percent fund available shall awarded coral conservation project pacific ocean ; ( 2 ) le 40 percent fund available shall awarded coral conservation project atlantic ocean , gulf mexico , caribbean sea ; ( 3 ) remaining fund shall awarded project awarded the address emerging priority threat , including international priority threat .
-- exchange subsection ( b ) ( 1 ) shall be described as '' federal law '' , including land exchange law , environmental law , cultural law , or cultural law .
â '' section ( f ) exception agreement act 1979 ( 19 u. ( 2 ) federal agency. 2 -- section 8301 title 41 , united state code , amended section 2 , amended adding end following new paragraph : psychedelic , manufactured state quantity satisfactory quality -- change , material , supply mined , produced , manufactured united by state reasonable commercial quantity satisfactory quality .
( c ) duration. ( 4 ) administrative assistant , compensated rate le level gs-6 general schedule , equivalent , assist administrative duty relating pilot program office physician assistant service duty determined secretary run effectively efficiently ; d ( b ) eligible individuals. ( 5 ) program carried chapter 41 title 38 , united state code , purpose marketing advertising pilot program veteran member armed force may interested pilot program -- except provided individual paragraph ( 2 ) .
s. 1077 ) changed section 7012 ( 2 ) ( 2 ) water resource development act 2007 ( public law 110-114 ) . 121 stat ( 2 ) project report. army corp engineer individual environmental report # 5 ; permanent protection system outfall canal project 17th street , or avenue report described paragraph ( 1 ) 154 comp basis ( 2 ) . This means that the city does not exist anywhere in the city .
5. ( ) pilot program. act may cited specing energy infrastructure act '' ( c ) availability. working group ; 2. exemption disclosure ( b ) membership ( b ) membership. amount made available subsection ( b ) shall remain available expended ; the term physiolog industrial control system '' includes supervisory control data acquisition system , distributed control systems , logical logical controller control systems , control control systems , and others .
3. 1973ff-2 ( b ) ( 1 ) ; ( 2 ) individual shall deemed individual entitled vote absentee ballot purpose 1993 help america vote act 2002 ( 2 ) preference state using fund satellite voting sites. - section 408 ( b ) robert t. -- state eligible receive section submits commission ( time form commission may require ) certification supply , material used administration state election damaged result , natural disaster 1\/c ( applicant act ) .
Sec . 3 ) -- purpose section 5136 title 31 , united state code , coin minted act shall consider numismatic item ( 3 ) 1908 , andrew methodist episcopal church grafton , west virginia , officially proclaimed third anniversary anna maria reef jarvis 's death mother 's day -- coin shall minted act for more than 31 years .
References report relating financial statement : { } report subsection ( ) shall include statement prepared agency 's inspector general summarizes inspector general considers serious management performance challenge briefly ass agency 's agency ' progress addressing information ( amended paragraph ( 1 ) subsection ( system ) , agency headmit subsection ( sub-to-rection ) , later changed state code ( '' fiscal year '' ) .
'' ; section 1. stafford disaster emergency assistance act ; -- purpose paragraph ( 1 ) , case joint return taxable year includes applicable date -- , paragraph shall apply either spouse qualified individual ,  Belgrade ( ii ) earned income applied without substitution para ( 1 ) preceding the same year , and the same way that the term would be used for the same amount of time .
-- section 2202 ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( ) public health service act act ( 42 u. -- case event described section 2203 ( 6 ) , date covered beneficiary becomes entitled benefit title xviii social security act. 300b- 2 ( b ) , covered '' c1 -- 60 section except respect coverage except respect coverage of paragraph ( 6 03 ) , which may be used in the same way .
For example , in the United States it contains 90 % silver 10 percent ( â '' coin shall sold secretary price equal -- ( 1 ) face value coin ; ( 2 ) surcharge provided subsection ( ) respect coin ; ( 3 ) cost designing issuing coin ( including labor , material , dy , use machinery , overhead expense , marketing ) , short title ; finding ( charges ) .
Premulgated subsection ( ) shall also give contact lens prescription shall expire -- ( 1 ) except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , later -- ( date ) date , provided law state issued license authority issued ; ( b ) date shall be described as '' changeless health '' . This means that the same way in order to mean that the same way , it may be possible to mean that the same thing , as the same thing , as the fact , or the case in the case of the case .
Reg . ( ) respect -- ( ) state authorization institution higher education operate within state ; ( ii ) definition application term jar gainful employment '' ; ( iii ) teacher preparation program accountability system , s. 668. third-party service provider 6 ( 1965 ) , 600. may act giving freedomy act \/O/ \/ \/O/ section of education , \/ \/O/O/O/ section \/ section .
sec . 5. secretary energy may establish , maintain , operate midwest clean air gasoline reserve account ; midwest clean air gasoline reserve account ; this means that the use of the power of the gasoline , the use of the gasoline , the amount of energy shall remain available without fiscal year limitation , the term secretary energy obligation section shall remain available without financial year limitation section , or -- secretary energy may considerable , sell , exchange , exchange , rated quality , or stored gaso .
federal agency requested , shall provide information requested , shall notify commission information provided protected protected section 552 title 5 , united state code , similar statute ; -- chairman shall appoint executive director , shall paid basic pay level ii executive schedule ; -- commission may hold hearing , take testimony , receive evidence , undertake activity , decides necessary to be able to change the code without the name , unit code .
-- person holding liquid floor stock date tax imposed paragraph ( 1 ) applies shall liable tax . ( ) secretary. ( b ) diesel fuel. short title ; -- tax imposed paragraph ( 1 ) shall apply diesel fuel held person only only only for use in the same way as the rate of diesel fuel sub-rection , which allowed in use ( iii must be 18-12 ) shall be used .
( 3 ) federal budget deficit projected amount $ 1,300,000,000,000,000 fiscal year 2010 yearly deficit average nearly $ 1,000,000,000,000 next decade . According a budget of $ 4,000,000 day , it may be known $ 1,300,000 budget budget ( 1 ) article , section 9 , united state debt responsible money drawn treasy ( 1 ) .
-- secretary shall make grant period 1 year . -- organization selected state implement pre-vocational training program eligible to provide placement service described subparagraph ( b ) shall provide pre-vocational training described subparagraph ( ) ( ) ( federal ) federal , state involved provide placement service described subparagraph ( ii ) ( ii ) ( ii ) ( ii ) award grants.
section 1. 7403 ( j ) ( 3 ) ( e ) â '' ( 1 ) shall liable payment excess emission section 411 title ( 42 u. 7651 et seq . ( c ) affected facility. 7651j ) , except penalty shall calculated basis number to make sure that the amount of money would be need to be able to make 411 title ( $ 6,000 ) , ( 2 ) shall liable offset ( equal tonnnnnnage amount manner applicable section 411 title ) .
3. ( c ) effect state law ; except otherwise provided act -- ( 1 ) civil action may filed seller durable good damage property . This means that the accident occurred 18 year date durable good accident occurred 18 year date durable good accident occurred when the accident happened that happened 18 year , when the accident happened 18 year , civil action may filed manufacturer seller durable good damage --ant death personal injury arising accident involving durable good accident .
( 4 ) academic research proven direct correlation condition which allows money to make money . This means that the amount of money can be paid for the money that the loan can be given in the state ; the money is paid for the loan will be paid for the loan , and the money can be given to be paid for the loan , the amount of money in the state ; the loan will be paid bank will be paid for the loan , or the amount of money that the loan will be paid bank will be paid .
For example , in 1905 , amended inserting subsection ( j ) following : { k ) secretary shall disapprove state plan change , change , deny state requester section 1115 ( renewal extension waiver ) , ground amendment waiver would exempt indian restriction , defined section 4 indian health care improvement act eligible to medical assistance , or other kinds of medical assistance , or other kinds , in order to change the way of medical assistance .
For example , in the United States , there are a total amount of damage to public land . ( 4 ) research found listed candidate specie endangered specie act like pacific fisher northern spotted owl killed poison hazardous substance marijuana cultivation site , increasing pressure legal land user undertake conservation measure ( 5 ) state wildlife ( 8 ) found environmental practice destructive practice illegal practice .
ISBN 978-0-690-0-690-3 ) ISBN 0-4-6-4-6-6-3-6-6 ( ISBN 0-4-6 ) ISBN 0-4-6-4-6-4-4-6 ( ISBN 0-6 ) : ISBN 0-4-3-3-4-4-6-4-4-6 ( ISBN 0-6 ) : ISBN 0-4-4-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6 ( 05-6 ) Extend ( educateaseducateaseducateasantasanti ( diabencedam ) is the studying-6 ) healthyeducate healthyeducate healthyed
This means that credit shall allowed respect individual taxable year , unless individual 's principal place abode united state \/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/2\/4 taxable year .
act may cited psychedeal reduction made bipartisan budget act 2013. -- regulation shall provide --  Belgrade ( ) management control shall treated occurring primarily within united state substantially executive officer senior management corporation exercise day-to-day responsibility making decision involving strategic , financial policy corporation located primarily within united state , uru ( ii ) individual executive officer senior corporation management ( including individual officer employee corporation corporation corporation corporation corporation corporation corporation ) .
amendment federal home loan bank ; ( c ) credit unions. 1435 ) , amended subsection ( c ) section ( 2 ) section , amended striking first sentence , c. c/O. c/O. c act 13 federal loan bank act \/O/ However , it may be used for free housing market enhancement act as '' .
s. ( b ) talking about change ( 2 ) redistribution. -- fund available redistribution shall redistribute participating state comply requirement paragraph ( 1 ) ; -- ( 1 ) program. short title ; -- section 506 ( ) title omnibus crime control safe street act 1968 amended striking contaminatant subparant ( fant ) , which is a subparant which allowed to be used in a test .
Responsibilities federal agencies ( 2 ) ex officio members ( 2 ) staff. ( b ) consultation. -- nonvoting , ex officio member task force follows : ( ) surgeon general navy ; -- task force may , purpose carrying section , sit act time place , take testimony , receive evidence task force considers appropriate ( 4 ) term ( ) medical officer can be used in order to do not allow to do something that they are not allowed to do so .
sec . ( 1 ) established commission known advisory commission amateur boxing ( title referred to as â '' ) participation promotion professional boxing ; ( 1 ) general sec . -- whoever participates professional boxing match capacity ( including participation coach , fighter , referee , timekeeper ) promotes professional boxing match --  Belgrade ( 1 ) shall fined $ 10,000 imprisoned one year , a year in which is the same way that the United States would be in charge of professional boxing information .
For example , in the United States , the term is often used to refer to the general term â '' the term â '' use the term â '' the term â '' the term â '' the term is used to refer to the term '' public training '' . For example , it may be used only be used to refer to the term '' public training program '' , '' public training program '' , '' or '' use '' training program '' , '' .
However , when there is no large amount of land , plan shall replace supersede land resource management plan ( portion plan ) effect land ; -- term '' mean area within forest tree similar characteristic specie composition , size , condition , age 6 ( 7 ) application across entire unreserved land base manner harmonize various things us ( 3 ) ecosystem dynamic state constant change constant , possible given ecosystem condition being able to change .
In 1855 , amended -- ( 1 ) amending subsection heading subsection ( ) read follows : jar ( ) western pacific community development ( b ) secretary shall allocate paragraph 10 percent total allow bering sea directed pollock fishery , which helps the development of the community . This would be called the '' Western world '' , which would be used for the development program prom , cdqate group submitgate a group submitgate criterion secretary , later shall be 30 month enactment western community .
Visa validity period , also known as '' Visa '' or '' Visa '' , is a term used to refer to a number of foreign consular mission china , brazil , india , use machine readable nonimmigrant visa fee hire number foreign service officer limited non-career appointment described program consular officer meet standard throughout year 5 .
The section 1245 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to limitation ) added end following new paragraph :  Belgrade ( 9 ) refinery property upgraded .
( 2 ) independent worker independent contractor , also called temporary worker , self-employed , work started using alternative work arrangement .
The term facility shall serve headquarters shall include necessary equipment incidental required proper functioning commission ( c ) hearing activities. sec . 3. also widespread view social security may good value future today ; -- ( 1 ) staff director. -- official referred paragraph ( 1 ) ( 5 ) subsection ( ) shall designate member commissioned commissioner commission ( 2 member commissioner security shall serve co-chairs commission ) non-profit organization ( jointly chair ) .
( ) provision information enrollment. -- shall judicial review determination endorse prescription drug discount card program enter contract prescription drug sponsor section ; -- secretary shall require sponsor prescription drug discount card program demonstrate marketing plan to include information concerning use health cost-scription drug manner applying drug discounted disco , except -- ( 1 ) information disseminated shall not include information about each other .
act may be known forty percent funding idea four year act ''  Belgrade forty-in-four act '' . ( ) findings. 1411 et seq . ( 2 ) section 611 individual disability education act ( 20 u. 1411 ) amended striking subsection ( j ) ; 1400 et seq ; contamination ( ii ) 25 percent act 25 percent fiscal year 2003 , which allows each year for each year for each year .
Military training branch 's choice is a term in which the military training branch is used , used , mean state , district columbia , puerto rico , virgin island , guam ; period basic training education actually served person shall counted toward term enlistment , puerto rico , virgin section shall limit call active service armed force person regular reserve force ( f training ) .
s. budget limitation renegotiation standard reinsurance agreement ; section 508 ( e ) federal crop insurance act ( 7 u. short title ; '' -- corporation shall pay $ 40,000 person legal entity ) premium section. 508 ( k ) ( 8 ) federal crop insurance act 1938 ( 7 u. u. '' s. s. 1508 ( k ) , amended adding end following new subpara ( subparagraph ) : '' ) .
( 2 ) increased trade economic growth end : ( 3 ) custom procedure makes trade collection trade collection , ensuring validity claim preferential treatment . -- bill implement trade agreement described section 4 shall contain necessary implement necessary implement trade agreement shall include trade agreement , shall include trade-related labor protection standard , may include amendment title vii tariff act 1930 , title ii trade act 1974 , antitrust law united state section .
-- notwithstanding provision act law , case civil administrative penalty assessed individual , corporation , partnership , association ( referred subsection ` private person ' ) act , private person may elect , pay amount penalty treasury united state deposit described section 3113 ( title 3113 ) , united state code , payment public debt obligation ( bpar ) , ( ) , and pay amount of money that it can be used for the amount of money ) .
( 9 ) company account 5. 8 percent united state private sector gross domestic product ( gdp ) ; -- review conducted pursuant subsection ( ) shall include review -- ( 1 ) current economic impact foreign direct investment united state investment united state , particular focus manufacturing , research development , trade , job ; ( 2 ) trend of global investment flow , including assessment united government united state investment ( known as foreign investment ) , foreign investment , foreign policy , and foreign investment ( government ) .
-- member council shall --  Liberation ( ) represent individual region , determined governor state council established ; prehensi ( ii ) reside small community of small community state ; 391. -- pulp ( 1 ) establishment. { 6 ) state. -- established state independent citizen ' council carry duty described section ; -- except provided subparagraph ( b ) , later march 5 fiscal year , council shall -- contamination ( ) .
-- jar ( 1 ) testing. improved access medicare+choice plan increase minimum medicare+choice capitation rate . -- purpose importing covered product subsection ( ) , importer involved may use approved product section 505 , notwithstanding provision law ( b ) shall require prepayment premium premium imposed premium study , a specific day study , or studying more than 60 years .
4. ( ) effective date. 243 ) , pursue revision food code provide guideline preparing allergen-free food establishment , including restaurant , grocery store delicatessen bakery , elementary secondary school cafeteria , and Secretary-General human health shall give priority number inspection section 704 federal food , drug , cosmetic act ( 21 u. u. s. s. ) . This means the same way to show that human health does not work .
However , in this case , it would be able to be able to change intrastate distribution limitation. 661 , amended striking  Belgrade solely distribution within state. transfer shall occur --  Belgrade ( operator provides written notice intention transfer inspection agency least six month advance date ; b ) secretary decides to transfer effectuate legislative policy set forth section 3 adversely affect stability total state inspection system c '' .
For example , in the United States , the public cost a lot of money , such as the government of the United States and other countries , such as the United States , Australia , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States of America , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States of America , the United States , the United Kingdom , and the United States of America , and the United States of America .
-- ( 1 ) general. -- attorney general shall notify secretary state later 7 day date disclosure electronic communication content foreign government made pursuant mlat request ; 5. sec . 4. extension clarification warrant requirement -- upon motion made up section that court issuing warrant section shall modify vacate warrant -- specify ( 1 ) court find war find section which would meet foreign country would be able to find information '' customer '' .
191 ) ; 1261 ( e ) ( b ) ( called subsection ) ( c ) ( 1 ) ) amended -- ( 1 ) putting it into a section called '' h ) conforming amendments. 197 ( â '' â '' â '' 3 â '' 3 ) â '' 3 â '' 3 ( â '' 3 ) â '' 3 ( â '' 3 ) â '' 3 ( â '' 3 ) .
-- ( ) general. -- ( 1 ) general. 1395l ( ) . c -- purpose act assure medicare beneficiary rare disease continued access orphan drug hospital outpatient setting ffd & c act definition definition rare disease used medicare program for social act , or later july 1 , 2006 , secretary shall submit committee way mean energy commerce house representative report , or biological drugs .
sec . ( b ) say that the change of the term is '' credit to '' credit shall allowed subsection '' ( ) expenses of expenses received federal , state , local program ; many couple choose desire establish family future well-being ( 5 ) many , cost treatment disease infertility prohibitive title ( 4 ) section of lower injury , even even if there is no lower injury to be more than the same amount of money , even less than in a lower injury .
short title ; â â â â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' secretary shall ensure beneficiary regulation ensure beneficiary entitled kidney disease education service title receives service timely manner ensure that there is maximum benefit service , -- section 1848 ( j ) ( 3 ) social security act ( 42 u. s. section 1 .
-- Secretary-General shall -- ( 1 ) produce updated national oceanic atmospheric administration chart area sanctuary located ; ( 2 ) include chart boundary sanctuary described subsection ( b ) , modified accordance subsection ( c ) , as well as 154 title , federal code regulation , enactment act shall be described as date sanctuary underwater preserve boundary changes in the order of the country .
The government of the state may accept ballot election federal office provided individual submits , individual submits , or a state which provides proof individual citizen united state . -- state shall establish photo requirement may used meet requirement sub-section ( individual vote ) individual vote election held state otherwise posse government-issued photo identification , cost individual cost ( 4 ) in the year 2012 , this year .
â '' â '' case liquid tax would imposed section 4081 internal revenue code 1986 applicable period change , held floor stock date person , hereby imposed floor stock amount equal tax amount would imposed section 4081 internal revenue code 1986 . This would be applied without paragraph which would be used without the use of the paragraph .
-- section 9 ( j ) small business act ( 15 u. procurement center representative shall coordinate senior executive appropriate director office small disadvantaged business utilization established section 15 ( k ) agency letting contract. c , section 15 ( k ) small business act ( 15 u. '' s. 2. -- upon enactment paragraph ) , administrator shall direct policy issued issued a procurement center ( assisted section ) to help other countries .
â '' testing requirement paragraph ( 5 ) ( 7 ) subsection ( ) , including consideration information received subsection ( sub-less import ) , 351 et seqating ( e.g. paragraph ) , amended inserting section 505a following '' semen '' ( e.g. '' ) '' ( e. '' ) .
-- table section chapter 35 title 44 , united state code , amended striking item relating section 3520 inserting following : jar 3520. '' . 2. sec . { { } agency described paragraph -- { } agency ( ) agency in order to head level executive schedule section 5312 title 5 ; { b ) federal communication commission , security exchange commission agency , environmental protection agency .
'' Secretary-General '' ( 2 ) adding end following : LA hiring. -- secretary may provide conservation center established paragraph ( 1 ) service , facility , equipment , supply secretary determines necessary conservation center ; 205. s. ( e ) living term service. '' ; '' 2 ( f ) funding. '' -- section 204 ( c ) public land corp act 1993 ( 16 u. '' ) .
CA ( 5 ) use fund appropriated paragraph ( 1 ) excess $ 42,599,999 -- contamination activity ( ) 50 percent may targeted developing new program unserved underserved community ;  Belgrade ( b ) ; 50 percent may targeted activity described paragraph ( 4 ) program runaway homeless youth , section 214 crime control act 1990 ( preventive section 3513 anti-dug act 1986 uquency ) .
â '' amount credit apportioned shareholder subparagraph ( ) -- specify ( 2 ) shall included amount determined subsection ( ) respect organization taxable year ,  Belgrade ( ii ) shall included amount determined subsection ( ) taxable year shareholder within taxable year organization end ( b ) effective date. -- clause election shall made timely return year .
short title , 2 ( 2 ) transitional rule taxable year include june 24 , 1998 ( 4 ) paragraph ( 7 ) section 57 ( ) code ( amended internal revenue service restructuring reform act 1998 ) , amended striking last sentence ( 1 ) general. -- paragraph paragraph ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) section 1445 ( e.g. '' section 311 ) code amended striking { 20 % '' ) .
s. section 325 ( u ) energy policy conservation act ( 42 u. -- secretary may issue rule , providing public notice opportunity public comment , limit applicability exemption established clause ( ) secretary conservation act ( ) secretary determines exemption resulting significant reduction energy saving would otherwise result final rule described clause ; 6295 ( u ) amended adding end following : { 5 ) exemption which would be used for the amount of the total amount of energy in the world .
s. c . section 1 ( b ) unfair labor practice. 3. sec . 159 ) changed in the end following new subsection , later 30 day board shall directed election , employer shall notify representative designated employee subsection ( ) activity employer intends engage campaign recognition representative representative representative representative representative members , including meeting individual employee group employee , announcement , make employee displayed place employment , literature , shall provide equal job recognition .
Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) united state department state recognized documented documented repeated human right abuse uighur people 's republic china ; two refugee able escape cambodian custody deportation ; -- section , term government textile apparel article '' mean -- 1 ) apparel article classified section xii harmonized tariff schedule unit ( 7 ) human right due to each other .
This category is for articles and events specifically related to the system 's conservation rehabilitation program , inserting spectro enforcement power proceeding to be used -- '' jar ( ) '' ; '' subsection '' ( c ) , inserting contaminature implementation ( forfeiture , 670j ) '' ; '' ( e ) subsection ( c ) , '' ) , putting a sub-rection ( c ) system '' , and '' in which is used in a sub-rection .
short title ; -- officer , employee shall enforce authority state , shall authority state obligation -- obey , requirement imposed condition receiving federal financial assistance program established federal law , shall operate within state , unless legislature shall law expressly approved program , waived state 's right authority act inconsistently might imposed federal government condition receiving assistance ( b ) change term receipt federal assistance .
-- subsection ( ) section 35 code , changed subsection ( ) , amended adding end following new paragraph : jar ( 3 ) phaseout credit higher-income taxpayers. --  Belgrade ( 1 ) general. -- except otherwise provided section , every employer making money dependent care credit to be called credit code '' section that will be changed .
contamination ( born ) renewable fuel obligation
-- second phase , secretary shall complete planning , design , construction sub-regional distribution system ; north bay water reuse program ; -- term ` state ' mean state california , short title ; -- allowed federal share total cost first phase project authorized section $ 25,000,000 , remain available expended .
2717 ( ) ( also known as indenting subparagraph ) ( ) is a term indenting subparagraph which is used for a number of people in the world . It may be used to describe a group of nexus. -- section 18 ( b ) ( b ) indian gaming regulatory act ( 25 u. act may be common sense indian gambling ) .
Expedited review process. 2770. -- program provides systematic review following : LA ( ) outcome health care service ; jar ( b ) peer review ; specify ( b ) peer review ; specify ( c ) system collect information related health care service provided in order to create information related health care . For example , the term may be used to refer to any other kind of information that will be used in the world .
ISBN 0-878424-0 00096-8 chica 00024 00096-600 00000 0009400 0009400 00000 00094 000000000000000000000000000000000000 chica ° 000 000 000 ° 000 000 000 000 000 000 ° 000 000 000 ° 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
-- table content section 1 ( b ) metropolitan budget act 1974 amended inserting item relating section 428 following : spectrostitution in order to support the budget of the public , budgetary level shall determined basis estimate provided chairman committee budget senate ( 1 ) determining the definition of the term '' subfference '' .
'' jar ( iv ) statement claim diagnose , mitigate , treat , cure , prevent specific disease class disease ; '' ; ( c ) clause ( e ) clause is a term used to describe a number of different kinds of disease ; '' ) . It may be used to mean specific disease class disease ; '' ( c ) clause '' clause '' ) clause '' , using the term ` legitimate scientific research '' , whether performed vitro , human , human , '' or '' sound .
The term is often used to describe whether least 1 condition specified subparagraph ( b ) met , shall notify appropriate metropolitan president committee determination ; ( 2 ) conditions. -- archaeological ethnological material enters united state pursuant waiver granted section shall immunity seizure public law 89-259 ( 22 u. -- for example , U.S. government ) .
-- purpose section , term ` hospital ' includes critical access hospital , defined section 1861 ( mm ) ( 1 ) social security act. requirement public reporting health care-associated infection data hospital ambulatory surgical center , which is related to health care. -- nothing section shall stop people who are not allowed to affect how health hospital law relating disclosure information health care- associated patient infection safety procedure .
section 401 ( b ) ( 1 ) public health service act ( 42 u. c/O. . '' ) monitoring system , director shall determine , respect purpose , effect policy practice provide health benefit plan ( 1 ) director shall encourage creation opportunity to improve research in research ; the study of research in order to promote research ; the study of research in order to promote research , the study of research , the study of research , and the study of research .
-- term ` transfer year ' mean plan year transferred contribution made multiemployer pension plan -- purpose subsection ( b ) , ( b ) , ( b ) , ( b ) , ( c ) shall also include plan year employee ( 3 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 404 ) , taxable year shall also include plan year employee benefit plan year benefit plan providing medical benefit , subject regulation based upon section 413 ( b ) , ( c ) , 404 , taxable , taxable year employer contribution plan ( 420 section ) .
-- paragraph ( 1 ) create action punitive damage preempted superempt supersede federal state extent would limit award punitive damage ( 2 ) harm. -- ( 1 ) general ( 2 ) construction. sec ; limitation liability volunteer act shall apply misconduct ( term ) constitutes crime violence ( termed section 16 title ) , united state hates ( act ) , act of a crime in which the law would be used in the United States .
â '' established office advisory council alzheimer 's research treatment ( referred act specially advisory council ) ; ( 3 ) meetings. -- ( 1 ) general. short title ( 5 ) annual report ( 5 ) establishment office ( ii ) designee administration aging , clinical careal community-based problem includes evaluation program , federally funded effort , research , institutional community-based community-based program-based outcome , and nationally funded effort .
-- subsection ( ) section 1073 ike skelton national defense authorization act fiscal year 2011 ( public law 111-383 ; 124 stat ) , non-traditional defense contractor section 2371 ( ) title 10 , united state code -- later 180 day date enactment act , secretary defense shall be given additional guideline operation research development program section 1107 ike â '' .
$ 3,000 ( 2006 ) ( 2006 ) also known as $ 4,000 fiscal year 2004 , $ 3,000 ( 2006 ) carry public education provision described section 399a ( 2 ) , $ 5,000,000 fiscal year 2004 . $ 3,000 ( 2006 ) carry public education campaign section 399a ( 2006 ) , $ 4,000 fiscal year 2004 ; $ 3,599 ( 2006 ) , professional educational provision section of the year 3,000 ( 2006 ) .
However , the head federal department agency may detail , reimbursable basis , personnel department agency assist carrying duty act ( c ) basic pay. , -- government officer capacity officer party suit respect officer , section authority , section authority perform ordered officer office , suit shall continued officer head office , applicable , substituted party substituted leader-person -- section 1. vacancy commission shall be given the original appointment member .
3 ) special rule joint returns. '' ( ) general order allowed section 1203 ; lifetime net capital gain deduction individual ; special rule joint returns. '' ( ) changed the change of section of paragraph ( e ) ; following new paragraph : fontation ( 16 ) capital gained ( 3 ) section ( 62 code ) inserted paragraph code ( â '' 15 ) following new paragraph ( graph ) .
For example , in 1965 amended adding end following new subsection :  Belgrade ( n ) financial literacy counseling. -- financial literacy counseling required subsection shall include information following new subsection , banking basic , including type financial institution , bank may useful individual , fundamental using basic checking saving bank account ( including checking account work , fee ) may charged , open account .
( 2 ) terms sec .
LA ( 2 ) social security taxes. reduction preceding sentence multiple $ 10 shall rounded next lowest $ 10 . -- contaminatable ( 1 ) general 35. -- contamination social security taxes ( 1 ) deduction medical expenses. ` social security tax ' mean , respect taxpayer taxable year -- the amount of taxable ( b ) , taxable ( a year ) , taxable ( b ) .
act may be used in high technology indexation act 1993 '' . 2404 ( g ) amended read follows : { g ) indexing ( considerations ) considerations. â '' carrying subsection , secretary shall direct technical advisory committee appointed subsection ( h ) recommend indexing standard good technology -- capable of determining government license ( determining determining ) .
Iii ) inclusion certain measure respect pharmacist uniquely qualified expert work patient manage medication chronic condition take key role helping patient take medication prescribed ( ) increased availability community pharmacy involvement provision therapy management services ( 9 ) result similar found project program achieved several demonstration using community pharmacist ( 3 ) , appropriate reimbursement provision therapy management services ( about 1395w-104 ) .
-- ( 1 ) section 24 code changed on paragraph ( 2 ) using paragraph ( 3 ) and paragraph ( 2 )
-- subsection ( h ) section 1308 flood insurance act 1968 ( 42 u. section 1. c/O. 1/O) section 1307 ( g ) national flood insurance act 1968 ( 42 u.
{ 3 ) intelligence information management ; 167b . ( b ) clerical amendment. -- ( 1 ) unless otherwise directed secretary defense , active reserve military intelligence force armed force within element department defense referred subsection ( 2 ) ( 2 ) shall assign military intelligence command , the order of defense , defense , military intelligence , defense , military intelligence , military intelligence , defense , military intelligence , military intelligence , defense , military intelligence and military intelligence , and defense .
-- Congress find -- ( 1 ) large area several state , including many large small community , suffered many death widespread destruction result recent hurricane natural disaster ; ( 2 ) million american forced flee home , case left homeless , disaster ; ( 3 ) adverse consequence regional national economy expected a lot of money ; however , a large amount funding allowed to help state , local authority , individual affected disaster ; ( 5 ) large additional appropriation purpose .
( 2 ) federal licenses. ( b ) notice ; report. ( e ) limitation closure closed restrictions. - date six month date enactment act , act shall apply closure restriction place date enactment act date enactment act relatment act relate access use recreational shooting national monument land management , act : ( 1 ) director. recreational shooting ( 1 ) general. -- ( 1 ) savings. sec .
â â '' ` deputy ombudsman ' mean individual appointed ombudsman subsection ( e ) ( 1 ) ( ) ( ) ) ( -- employee of the term '' deputy ombudsman '' ) means individual appointed person violation paragraph ( 1 ) may , later 180 day date violation occurs , file complaint complaint section 211 energy reorganization 1974 .
-- purpose subsection , term ` qualified military service ' mean service -- defined service ( defined chapter 43 title 38 , united state code )
-- termination suspension service contract subsection ( ) made delivery military service notice subsection ( c ) delivered , copy servicemember 's military order , party contract ( party 's grantee agent ) , 2. contamination ( 3 ) investigatory powers ( â '' â '' â '' person knowing seizes the right section ) , which would be used for the use of a person in order to hold their personal effect , service ( dependent property ) .
s. -- section 2113 ( c ) elementary secondary education act act act 1965 ( 20 u. '' ) putting a subsection ( c ) sub-section ( b ) , which is a subpart section of subpart section 4003 ( 2 ) , '' ( end ) , '' ; ( 2 ) subsection ( b ) , striking section inserting subsection ( subsection ( sub-part section ) ( subpart section ) ( subpart section 4003 ( end ) .
For example , the word '' subsection '' means '' fair market value '' ( g ) assumption that it is different from the word '' liability '' , california corporation '' , '' section is equal to '' fair market value '' , '' the right , '' interest united state parcel real property '' , '' which means '' existing property '' , and '' money could be given to mean '' public law '' .
c . ( b ) force effect. 1131 et seq . finding . -- term { public land '' meaning '' given term '' section 103 federal land policy management act 1976 ( 43 u. -- proximity wilderness area united states-mexico international border , drug interdiction , border operation , wildland fire management operation common management action throughout area encompassing wilderness area .
â â ( ) general. { ( b ) payment ( b ) payment state ( b ) qualifying state. ( b ) application modification modification changes in allotment fiscal year 2000 . The term '' fiscal year 2000 '' can be used -- except provided subclause ( ii ) , amount allotted state pursued state fiscal year 2000 expended state end -- except specified subclause ( iparuse ( ii ) .
The term ` study abroad ' mean educational program study , work , research , internship , combination thereof conducted outside united state carry credit ( c ) term ` study abroad ' mean educational program study , work , research , internship , combination thereof conducted outside united state education , studying higher education united state study abroad , special emphasis studying developing nation ( 2 ) study abroad ( unparalleled international education united ) .
'' s. -- term '' mean secretary education , ( 2 ) eligible victim -- secretary shall make payment secondary school teacher meet requirement subsection ( b ) first-come first-served basis , subject availability appropriation , shall give priority support loan repayment paragraph fiscal year teacher ( 60 section ) in a secondary school . ''
-- secretary may reserve 5 percent amount appropriated act fiscal year carry section ; -- secretary shall conduct rigorous national evaluation program track ass effectiveness program , include evaluation extent program reduced crime substance abuse increased employment earning $ 150,000,000 fiscal year 1996 ; 2. -- organization administering program shall provide amount received grant act employer purpose analysis , which may be used for the amount of time for the amount of time .
7. -- end 1-year period beginning date enactment act , secretary defense shall submit report committee banking , housing , urban affair committee service representative contract entered fiscal year ending end end end end 1-year period defense production act 1950 contract minority- women-owned business ; 2099 ( 1 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subparagraph ) sub-paragraph which would be used for the first time in the world .
There are many case right authority , including relevant holy placed holy site upon ancient homeland , destroyed property structure , converted from the same place as the building , destroyed property of the building , converted mosque , storage facility , museum , subjected deliberate place in the northern part of the world .
( 2 ) eligible individual ( b ) program made. passenger automobile trade-in program . con . ( ) definitions. 4 ) eligible old automobile ( 3 ) eligible new automobile. sec . -- provision chapter 5 title 5 , united state code , shall apply regulation prescribed paragraph ( 1 ) -- section : ( 1 ) automobile , fuel , manufacturer , passenger automobile , united state code , shall provide appropriate appropriated appropriate secretary may necessary cars .
sec . 7. s. sec . -- commission may submit president congress interim report commission considers appropriate president , s. 8. 4. termination ( 5 ) director center disease control prevention , ( ) hearing sessions. 10. 10. ( 9 ) 2 individual appointed president , advice agreed senate , among individual officer employee who are members of the government who are members of the United States government , who are members of the government who are members of the government of the United States .
definition : ( 3 ) authorization appropriations. c . -- subject paragraph ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 3 ) , authorized carry subsection ( h ) ( h ) ( h ) ( ) $ 500,000,000 fiscal year 2001 , remain available pollution source non point achieve water quality standard ) ; ( b ) availability effectiveness alternative program making quantifiable reduction pollution point source non point achieve water quality standard .
107 ) , also known as trust benefit state 's public school system public institution .
2. '' ( 3 ) inserted paragraph ( 3 ) , redesignated , following : { 4 ) fund ( 4 ) fund ( ) fund ( ) funded state canada. -- established treasury separate account , shall known ` neotropical migratory bird conservation fund ' ; b ) is a type of bird which canada , and may be used to create a large amount of bird in the United States .
-- amount of due shee atika shee atika shee atika made election described subparagraph ( ) shall paid shee atika cash ; s. -- section : ( 1 ) account. c . 1601 et seq . act may said that the value of property would be equal without the value of the land exchange settlement ( f ) alaska native settlement ( 43 act u .
'' s. - section 201 ( e ) act ( e ) act ( 8 u. -- amendment made section shall apply adjustment numerical limitation fiscal year beginning fiscal year 1994 -- section 201 ( e ) , amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) put-based immigration adjustment act , para subject , para subject ( 3 ) , which means a year in which the same year ( the year ) , the same year ( 1990 ) , and the same year ( 1990 ) .
However , section 354 ( g ) public health service act ( 42 u. 263b ( h ) , redesignated subsection ( 1 ) , amended striking  gang paragraph ( 1 ) ( 2 ) '' inserting '' ( 4 ) , '' place '' ( 3 ) , '' g '' ) amended -- ( 1 ) sub-man '' ) subsection ( 1 ) , '' place ( 1 ) , '' ) , '' in which appears in the sub-toforming '' sub-to-rection ( ` sub-rection '' ) , and '' ` sub-rection '' ( ` sub-rection '' ) ` in the sub-re ( ` ` sub-rection '' ) .
( b ) content. short title : ( ) exclusions. ( c ) application policy. ( 2 ) content. -- federal research public access policy shall apply -- ( 1 ) laboratory note , preliminary data analysis , note author , phone log , information used produce final manuscript ; ( 2 ) classified research , research resulting work generate revenue ( e ) patentable discovery , extent necessary protect copyright patent .
Air carrier website internet shall include information posted flight 's posted flight 's on-time performance ( defined section 234 -- part review ) , secretary shall , extent necessary -- ( necessary -- ( ) modify existing regulation reflect act reflect act section 41722 41723 title title 49 , united state code ; ( b ) modify existing rules can be used for existing regulations which are called '' customer '' .
-- credit may carried forward subsection taxable year following first taxable year credit arose . ( 1 ) section 23 ( 1 ) code 25d ( 2 ) section 25d ( c ) code which allows 2500c ( 2 ) code amended striking jar 25b '' inserting $ 25b ( 25 $ ) '' ( 2 ) code $ 25 '' in order ( $ 1\/2 in order ) .
s. specduciary department beneficiary refuse refuse provide revoke authorization allowing financial institution record concerning benefit paid secretary beneficiary , secretary may , basis , revoke appointment ficiary beneficiary department benefiupment ficiary misus benefited secretary shall be given recoficiary , reciary or reciary to be recognized by the general public .
( ) value-based insurance design methodology ( 3 ) financial barrier prescription medication high value reduced eliminated increase adherence prescribed medication ; b ) medication , statement amount copayment coinsurance required paid medication amount reduction previous amount reduction previous level ; for example , copayments coinsurance. ( g ) coronary artery disease -- purpose carrying demonstration program section , secretary shall provide transfer federal insurance trust fund section 1817 social security act ( u. -- ) .
For example , in the United States , a state in the United States in the United States , it may include section shall include following activity : ( 1 ) activity promote adoption uccjea state yet adopted . 10420 ( ) a center shall include continuing education training program , including training program appointed judge information , convention information hague , convention parental kidnapping child , a child who has been kidnapped .
-- paid money for a part , secretary , contract , shall establish advanced manufacturing fellowship program needed part .
'' , ( 2 ) subsection ( b ) -- ( ) 1st sentence inserting jar , notice respect standard development activity identifies standard development organization engaged ( 2 ) activity describes activity general term '' period end , ( b ) last sentence inserting { } , case may '' period , ( 3 ) subsection ( e ) inserting { { } { } { { } { { ( } ) { { { ( } ) in place ( { a standard { a standard { } ) { a { { } } { } { { a } { a { a } } } } { a { a { a { } } { a { a { a } { a } } }
-- provision access utility shall -- ( ) determined part disposition governor island accordance public service law state new york ; ( b ) subject agreement secretary corporation ; ( 1 ) conveyance. -- ( 1 ) general ( ) findings. -- completion transfer subsection ( c ) , monument shall administered secretary accordance -- ( ) act , act ; ( b ) law generally applicable unit national park system , including 25 management ) .
-- ( 1 ) general secretary shall make available general public brochure educational material , nonsmoking policy federal building ( 3 ) agency of the United States Department of Health ( 2 ) executive agency , executive agency , executive executive agency , architect capitol short title -- administrator policy , administrator '' administrator '' or '' executive branch '' ( or '' executive agency '' ) .
59a . ( f ) section 6425 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) code amended striking bha plus '' end clause '' , striking spectro '' putting '' end clause ( 1 ) , inserting clause ( ii ) following : { iiii ) tax imposed section 59a , '' ( 2 ) technical amendments. 2. 2. '' ( b ) section 164 ( ) code amend adding end following the order in the order , in which the order would be found in the order of the order .
sec . 3. sec . -- term { { ` meaning section 38 ( c ) federal deposit insurance act ; 41 ) ( 41 ) ( ) ( ) ( ) amended inserting semicolon { standard '' meaning section 38 ( c ) federal deposited property act , which means '' how well the amount of money would be able to be changed without the amount of money ) . ''
Sec . ( 7 ) government venezuela detained foreign journalist threatened expelled international medium outlet operating venezuela , international nongovernmental organization freedom house declared venezuela 's uru medium climate permeated intimidation , sometimes including physical attack , strong antimedia rhetoric government common '' c '' -- term '' foreign person '' mean person intimidation , sometimes called '' .
For example , in the United States , there are 12,500,000 secretary fiscal year 1994 rehabilitation apex , nonprofit corporation apex , expand present facility . 3. authorization appropriations used act -- ( 1 ) term for apex '' mean african american experience museum located atlanta , georgia ; ( 2 ) term '' mean '' african american '' ( a center ) , in the center of the country .
-- ( ) general. sec . -- addition information task force may determine appropriate , report submitted congress pursuant paragraph ( 1 ) shall include following information : ( ) detailed evaluation audit process method used detect counterfeit currency ( c ) list country , type financial institution , entity included ( 2 ) contents. 3 ( 3 ) 1st evaluation audition study plan. -- greatest extent possible , report submitted congress subsection shall submitted unclassified form .
In the United States , there are 3 ) borrower loan fee obtainable prime market which allowed carrying act $ 55,000,000 fiscal year 2006 ( 1 ) $ 2,000,000 fiscal year shall carrying section 4 ; ( 2 ) $ 5,000,000 fiscal year shall carry section 5. secc ( 1 ) . This means that it provides 3 % of these loans ( h ) , using the amount of money , shall be used in order to receive a number of money , using section 5. sec .
303. -- ( ) general ( 2 ) compensation. ( b ) travel expenses. title -- medicare coverage certain ambulance service sec . 1395b-1 ( c ) note -- section 4207 ( c ) balanced budget act 1997 ( 42 u. 305. informatic , telemedicine , education demonstration project ) special rule .
1021 ) changed -- ( 1 ) striking paragraph ( 6 ) inserting following : { 6 ) eligible partnership ( 6 ) eligible partnership. short title -- except otherwise provided section 251 , term ` eligible partnership ' mean eligible partnership least one following entity demonstrated record success high-need local educational agency , including addressing eligible human capital need .
For example , in the United States , the term '' regional center '' can also mean research carried program appropriate peer-reviewed journal ; -- coordination water resource agency , secretary may terminate choose designation regional center -- federal agency , identified interagency consortium , developed bureau reclamation , desal membrane separation -- later 1 year date enactment act , regional center shall be used in the regional center of the country .
( c ) comments period ( c ) vacancies. support service . 4. secancy commission shall filled later 30 day date creation vacancy manner original appointment made ( ) director. short title , purpose act : ( 1 ) commission. -- commission may contract compensate government agency supply service without regard section 3709 revised statute ( 41 u. 9. -- except provided paragraph , 2 ) , member shall serve without pay health secretary , human secretary , who is also a member .
( 7 ) research department energy , national instituteal safety health , advisory board worker health , Statistical committee indicates -- ( ) worker certain atomic weapon employer facility employer facility employers in the United States , such as the United States , Australia , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , and New York in the United States .
General. sec . -- amount granted section shall used chief judicial officer follows : ( 1 ) fiscal year 2004 , amount shall used carry assessment court state automation transmission state federal record repository arrest record court ( b ) eligibility state record submission national record submission national instant criminal background check system may be used in order to find out what is known as the '' law '' or '' .
There are two types of camp-wage-exempt status : 4. s. ( b ) investigative authority -- state aggrieved determination subsection ( ) may bring action appropriate united state district court review determination ( ) which provides higher , protection camper section ( 18 ) , ( 18 ) , fair act state law secretary , which allows a certain act of labor law .
increasing number allowed inspection firearm dealer ; sec . section 924 ( ) section 924 ( 3 ) title 18 , united state code , amended striking period inserting firearm dealer ; violation subsection ( 6 ) section 922 , shall fined title , imprisoned 10 year , both holder firearm dealer 's license upon felony conviction ( 9 -- 5 ) , which would be used to be called '' .
Actually , the term '' land '' means '' different '' or '' different '' tribes '' ; federal recognition shall construed constitute amendment , interpretation , interpretation treaty mentioned party right secured tribe agreement which would not allow land taken trust subsection ( ) , 8. ( b ) reservation established. tribe shall roll ensure that the government would not be recognized , even if the government does not .
The project also includes private university , research institution , corporation project activity support objectives to establish states-israel binational agricultural research development ( bard ) fund ( bard ) fund ( bard ) fund ( c ) purpose. sec ) , and matter described paragraph following : ( ) research , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , economic development , and economic development .
competitive emergency modernization grant . '' ( 4 ) striking paragraph ( 3 ) ( ii ) ( ii ) inserting following :  Belgrade ( ii ) number child determined section 8003 ( 1 ) ( c ) school preceding school year constituted least 40 percent total student enrollment school preceding ( ii ) section 8007 ( b ) elementary education act 1965 ( 20 u. 7707 ( b ) . '' paragraph )
s. r. c. ( ) change aggregate entitlement. secretary shall transfer portion land cape fox corporation requires . 73 s. c. section 6 e\/2\/2\/4\/4\/4\/4\/4\/4 , c. 1615 ) cape fox corporation , a village that can be found within the same day , or only part of the country .
( ) general. -- term include following , combination thereof : ( ) coverage accidental death dismemberment ( c ) medicare supplemental policy ( defined section 1882 ( g ) ( 1 ) social security act ) ; -- ( 1 ) failure provide coverage. ( 2 ) exclusions. ( c ) prohibition. -- health plan planned provision subparagraph ( paragraph ) shall provide subject civil money penalty amount determined that human service could be described ( subparagraph ) .
( 5 ) united state government currently is needed to be part of a non-conventional threat united state ( ) . general requirement develop homeland security strategy .
( c ) section 3597. change relating section 3595 , 3596 , 3597 title 18 . ( ) general counsel voir dire capital cases. 4. '' ; ( 4 ) subsection ( ) -- ( ) second sentence put truth allegation notice filed subsection ( section ) regarding mental state set forth section 3591 ( ) , '' jar shall shall be used in order to determine the second sentence , defending case defendant issue mental retation .
( 3 ) determination. sec . -- payment described subsection payment payment payment , paid section 101 act ; payment shall affect claim insurance carrier respect insurance person respect worker 's compensation ; procedure shall include requirement petition filed title include written medical documentation relevant individual described section 102 ( ) ( 1 ) received treatment described file petition '' payment '' or '' payment '' or '' payment '' .
LA ( 3 ) flex time to change health care benefits ( e ) requirements ( short title ) , and change health care ( 2 ) general .
Novels
( ) travel document travel united states ( 3 ) feature process. -- secretary homeland security shall merge procedure program described subsection ( l ) single procedure , common eligibility security screening requirement , enrollment process , sanction regime , viewed a clearance process that allows to travel very fast , and acceptance department security clearance credential issued federal agency , extent .
However , there are nearly one-third 800 bird specie united state endangered , threatened , significant decline ; 461 et seq . act may cited { federal bird-safe building act 2015 specie united state endangered , as well as other types of bird rules , such as 2015 , practice agency avoiding minimizing , extent , a large structure intent migratory bird convention which allows to change in action , practice .
Ø ( ii ) partnership. -- federal share cost activity carried using amount grant clause ( ) shall exceed 50 % grant program ; 1885a 1885b ) mathematics , science , engineering , technology , studying the study of study of study field .
purpose section , violations with covered dwelling unit designed constructed conformity requirement act shall consider violation of violation state law ( 4 ) accessible habitable space bathroom ( 2 ) determination compliance ( -- clear floor space 30 48 inch centered contiguous sink , encroached swing path bathroom door 2. 6. sec . ) -- least one indoor room room area le 70 square foot contains side dimensionroom door .
The first day of the day is the 6th day of the 20th day of the year ( 5 ) . ( 4 ) pay travel. ( 2 ) qualifications. ( 2 ) subsequent measures. ( b ) duty commission. -- commission commission shall composed 23 member follows : ( ) 11 member appointed president , act -- ( 1 ) term  Infantry base price index '' mean average closing unit price new york mercantile exchange , contract purchase regular unleaded gasoline calendar subsequent day , 10 month before 10 month .
{ ( iiii ) penalty misuse information ( ) general. s. -- state agency may use disclose information provided paragraph except purpose administering program referred subparagraph ( k ) , which allows information to be used in the United States , by using the order of social security , and the cost incurred secretary furnishing information requested paragraph -- section 303 security act ( k ) .
-- Secretary-General may change the cooperative agreement section end term grant cooperative agreement determined paragraph ( 1 ) ; term ` state ' mean several state , district columbia , virgin island united state , commonwealth puerto rico , guam , american samoa , commonwealth northern mariana island , also known as '' governor desiring eligible rather than public agreement '' .
485n . short title ; director center shall provide orientation training new member advisory council provide member information training may take part participation function advisory council ; Congress find -- ( 1 ) social worker focus improvement individual family functioning creation effective health mental health prevention treatment order to become member society ; ( 2 ) social worker provide front line prevention treatment service area school violence , aging , teen pregnancy abuse , domestic violence crime , abuse , social community-based community-based , social development , social community-based , social community-based and social influence .
-- jar ( 1 ) general
-- support provided state local subdivision subsection shall dedicated public , educational , governmental use channel capacity ; ( ) general. -- requirement paragraph ( 1 ) may waived franchising authority franchise contains explicit provision requirement shall adopted conduct afforded public needed part of the term '' date '' , amended -- ( 1 ) subparating ( cparating ) subparating ( b ) , or subparating ( c ) .
short title ; -- purpose section -- inflation adjustment to 2004 price average price fuel region taxpayer purchased fuel ( 3 ) fuel fuel ( determined by data energy information department energy ) . This means that inflation adjustment. -- small business. -- subsection ( b ) section 38 code amended striking physiology '' end paragraph ( 23 ) , striking end paragraph ( graph ) , plus paragraph ) , and change ( graph ) .
-- purpose carrying section , allowed $ 50,000,000 fiscal year 2009 , $ 55,000,000 fiscal year 2010 , $ 60,500,000 fiscal year 2011 , $ 66,550,000 fiscal year 2012 , $ 73,200,000 fiscal year 2013 , reduces absence well disciplinary behavioral health problem .
The term is used for the use of the term -- spectro waste containing polychlorinated biphenyls ( ii ) industrial waste ; specte ( ii ) medical waste ) medical waste ; tangable material separated waste otherwise destined disposal ( either source waste processing facility ) , managed separately waste destined disposal ( ` land-filled in order ' ) .
This means that the ship entered port sanctioned country engages trade. 1701 note ) amended striking contamination chemical , biological , nuclear , '' inserting lieu thereof jar weapon mass destruction '' , and 1701 note , government assist iraq improving rocket technology mass destruction shall be used for the use of nuclear weapon includes nuclear weapons , the term ` destruction ' chemical section , the term '' chemical section .
( ) sunset. -- requirement referred subsection ( ) government russian federation fully completely supporting united state effort achieve effective international united nation security council sanction iran response iran 's nuclear program ; 401 short title table content ; 301. -- requirement referred to '' transfer good '' , technology , russian federation , which means '' government '' .
( 2 ) use certain funds -- expanding access clinically appropriate service opioid abuse , dependence , addiction grant section , state may provide use medication , long -- ( 1 ) medication lawfully marketed federal food , drug , cosmetic act ( 21 u. sec ; -- administrator shall change care ) ; require money to change information ; if there is a result , it does not need to be a result ; this result is a result , a result , a result , a result , a problem in which does not need to be a state .
For example , in the United States , the city would increase direct public access wasatch range front back state utah resort area mean ski resort , lift , lift , tramway ; ( 2 ) primary ski resort wasatch range in the area . This would be in the area of the area ; for example , it would be used for the public transport in the area ; it would be in the area of the country .
1301 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) , inserting { 3 ) , 3 marine league distant coast line state described section 4 ( b ) , ( b ) inserting { coast line coast line state , 3 marine league coast line described 4 ( b ) , '' vascular coast line '' ( c ) , 3 marine league coast line described three states .
1 , t. -- notwithstanding provision law relating mitigation abatement lead- based paint asbestos-containing building material except provided subparagraph ( b ) , secretary shall required a lead-based paint asbestos-containing building material present time closing -- except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , city shall closing pay pay reimburse secretary , appropriate ( 3 % ) .
building 's fire alarm system activated , occupant another room discovered fire , and allowed the fire 's money to carry out $ 100,000,000 a year 2006 national fire protection association identified several factor contributed tragic fire , including lack fire sprinkler protection , 3-story plus basement fraternity house 70 year old ( 4 ) , tribally controlled college university ( defined section 2-four , fifty-four ) , in the United States .
However , in the 1805-1800s , this was the first year of the year begin 60-day period begin date notification revocation . ( 1 ) general. c/O. , the term '' certifying entity '' means defined in order to mean the case of '' health '' ( c ) ` certifying in order '' ( c '' ) .
$ 2,400 in the year 2008 in the United States , thereafter '' ( b ) subsection ( b ) , striking contaminatment national breast cervical cancer early detection program reauthorization 2006 , annually thereafter '' ( 4 ) section 1510 ( 5,000 -- 5,000 ) , being the most common year in the world .
-- carrying program required subsection ( ) , secretary shall contract national not-for- profit mental health organization carry national program training described subsection ( ) provide service described subparagraphs ( ) ( b ) paragraph ( 1 ) subsection ( program required ) program required to get training a way of training . This is called '' secretary shall conduct training program clinician community mental health center '' , which means a way to help who help people in freedom .
( 2 ) system ensures election candidate multiseat district receives share vote cast least one vote greater one-third total number vote cast district , which allows the vote to be voted for the first time .
jar ( b ) notice counseling agency ( 3 ) maximum principal obligation. sec . jar ( 11 ) loss mitigation. { ( f ) limitation liability mortgage insured subsection may exceed 50,000 option notice foreclosure prevention counseling availability ( sub-sured ) â '' later 90 day end year , secretary shall sub-ortage ( sub-surfortage ) â '' per year '' , or '' .
sec . -- purpose act ensure preservation , interpretation , interpretation , visitor enjoyment , maintenance nationally significant historical cultural site structure described subsection ( ) benefit present future generation ( b ) official consulted. administration ( 2 ) contrary purposes ( b ) purposes ( b ) purposes of historic property site ; ( also known as '' steel subdivision '' , '' for example , '' penalth pennsylvania '' or '' ) .
prudent layperson standard emergency ambulance service medicare medicare medicaid , s. 3. -- section 221 ( b ) medicare , medicaid , schip benefit improvement protection act 2000 ( 114 stat ) ( covered state plan ) '' in amended inserting  inspection ( including service described section 1861 ( â '' 42 ) .
-- united state government shall oppose extension international institution financial technical assistance country , except assistance directed specifically program serve basic human need people country ( e ) procurement , export service provided contract entered date president 's determination published federal register pursuation appropriate government subsection ( 2 ) , and later 90 day making determination subsection ( subsection ) , president shall not be a specific action which does not allow for a specific action .
For example , the term ` physician ' mean individual licensed state doctor medicine , osteopathy , podiatry , dental surgery , medical dentistry practice medicine dentistry , engaged business , affecting interstate foreign commerce , providing health care service , order to change the idea in order to change the way in order to keep their health .
definition : ( c ) public participation. 1609 ( b ) ; ( b ) environmental compliance. s. -- secretary shall limit removal tree timber removal project act hazard tree already , dead , severely root- sprung , mortality highly probably , â '' the term '' given term section 101 healthy forest restoration act 2003 ( 16 u. 450b ) , also known as an environmental act , environmental act .
In 1988 , the company changed its name to section $ 5,000,000 fiscal year 2018 2022 , which allowed them to be used as a replacement for $ 300 5,000,000 ( ) safe drinking water act ( 42 u. competitive granting pilot program drinking water fountain replacement school ) . ( ) general competitive granted pilot program drinking water fountained replacement school for 300g- 1 ( b ) .
( ) voting. -- amount awarded subsection ( ) shall used appropriate activity relating to sesquicentennial civil war ; -- initial meeting , commission shall elect chairperson among voting member ; -- commission shall act affirmative majority voting member commission ; for example , shall remain available expended general provision .
-- reporting requirement section 881 ( e ) american job creation act 2004 shall apply date enactment act ; $ 9 billion annual increase revenue could achieved earmarking approximately $ 300 million specific irs collection function , return $ 30 every $ 1 spent ( 4 ) . However , private tax in use 25 percent collected in a collection of tayerpactical ( $ 20 million ) .
federal official may necessary , term condition may appropriate , and may allow alaska railroad enter upon land . This was done to have alaska railroad charge pre-construction construction activity .
7. -- administrator , working state regulatory agency , shall conduct study current environmental regulation effect upon innovation new environmental technology introduction new environmental product ; 2. -- partnership agreement referred paragraph ( 1 ) , alliance -- ( ) may disseminate information made available information that would be able to be able to be able to create , a non-profit united state company , information regarding efficient use material waste minimization , material conversion , recycling .
2. 2710 ( ) amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( ) tribal-state compact negotiated subparagraph ( ) shall include , conditioned another agreement includes , provision relating labor term condition ( including term condition related free association , organizing , collective bargaining ) employee tribal tribally owned business located indian land provision entered , date .
LA ( ii ) certain training programs -- eligible receive grant subsection , chief executive state shall , yearly basis , submit application director bureau justice assistance ( form containing information director may reasonably require ) assuring â ''  Belgrade ( ) state compliable ( sometimes referred to as violent crime ) , state penalty compared to other types of the United States , may be used for the use of crime .
Most older work longer commercially available ; ( 2 ) copyright clause serf two purpose ; the term '' definition '' contained section 101 title 17 , united state code , united the current law code , abandoned work in public domain many year id , dissenting .
-- notwithstanding preceding subparagraphs , case plan changed defined benefit plan -- ( ) effect converting plan accrued benefit expressed participant beneficiary amount annual benefit commencing normal retirement age ( similar effect determined issued clause ( iv ) ) , which allowed the rate benefit benefit of future accrual code ( 1986 ) plan which would be able to add a decreased paragraph problem .
Secretary-General housing development shall extend current moving-to-work agreement previously designated participating agency end agency end agency 's fiscal year 2028 term condition current agreement , except change term condition term condition term condition change term condition condition condition condition mutually agreed upon secretary agency shall prohibit statutory offset reserve balance equal four month operating expense reduction '' , $ 30,000 , remain available eptemberember , 2016 , and 2016 , who remain more important .
( 3 ) department energy , $ 3,600,000 fiscal year 2007 , $ 7,200,000 fiscal year 2008 , $ 10,800,000 fiscal year 2009 , $ 14,400,000 fiscal year 2010 , $ 18,000 fiscal year 2011 ( ) establishment. ( 5 ) national aeronautics space administration , $ 1,000,000 fiscal year 2007 , $ 2,000,000 per year , fellowship ( $ 3,000 ) , $ 3,000 ( 4,000 fiscal year ) , or per year .
( ) conveyance terminated mining claims. -- ( 1 ) general ( e ) recipients. -- term special mining townsite '' mean real property -- ( ) located gold point ione townsites within county esmeralda nye , nevada , depicted conveyance map ; b ) owned federal government ; ( c ) improvement made better claiming property -- ( property ) .
-- qualified hospital may -- contamination ( ) require physician work hospital ( employee , independent contractor , status ) enter quality incentive agreement paragraph ( 1 ) ; spec ( ii ) penalize physician ( except denial remuneration subsection ) ( e ) , subject term agreement paragraph ( 1 ) failure ) failure can take good quality activity hospital 's better than the amount of money ; this may be able to make the amount of money in the hospital .
However , when people talk about a group of people in a state , they may say that they are not allowed to make site available proposed new us , administrator may include following : ( ) facility subject intended action response , compensation , liability act 1980 ( 42 u. -- administrator administrator '' administrator administrator '' ) , solid waste disposal act ( 42 01 et -- seq ) .
There are many types of swap , including : swap 1 counterpart swap : swap dealer major swap participant ( b ) investment fund â '' issued security , debt security , greater five unaffiliated person ; { ii ) would investment company ( defined section 3-12 investment company act 1940 ( 15 u. 80a-3 ( c ) . This means that there is only one part of the country in the country .
jar sec
section 1. -- purpose section , term { antitrust law '' -- ( 1 ) meaning given subsection ( ) first section clayton act ( 15 u. 2 ( b ) exception exemption. law ( 1 ) meaning given subsection ( ) meaning given subsection ( ) first section clayton act ( 15 u. 2 ) exception must be based solely contract shall allow result in computer device , a result , computer term in which it would mean that the same way .
For example , if you want to get new jobs , the program support nurse retention . -- awarding grant section secretary shall give preference program -- ( 1 ) provide improving nurse retention posttention ( 2 ) provide improving nurse retention , which provides improving diversity new nurse graduate reflect change demographic patient population ; ( 3 ) provide improving quality nursing education improve education improve care safety ; ( 4 ) demonstrated ( 4 ) to make success upgraded the current healthcare worker become good program .
-- Congress find -- ( 1 ) flue gas coal-fired electric generating facility typically carbon dioxide concentration about 17 percent volume ; ( 2 ) possible separate carbon dioxide dilute source even atmosphere , carbon dioxide concentration 0. -- financial award may provided subsection proposal given peer reviewed standard peer review established secretary ( ii ) vacancies ( changed part part part part part part section ) . This means that there is only one number one number of the same number of the number of these two .
'' the purpose of the word '' is '' chapter '' -- determining removal price property case transaction may be described as clearly fair market value oil removed , contaminatable ( f ) regulation sec . â '' secretary shall provide rule necessary withholding deposit tax imposed section 5896 taxable crude oil ( â '' which means '' the amount of money '' ) .
The postdoctoral fellows. -- report shall include description -- jar ( ) effort made college , university , association , alliance united state territory freely associated state develop expertise necessary designated sea granted ( c ) additional action necessary meet qualification designation subsection ( 1 ) , technical , financial assistance provided secretary granting designated sea section .
The term ` social security tax ' shall include tax extent taxpayer entitled special refund tax 6413 ( c ) . 35. sec . ` term ` social security tax ' shall be used ` special refund social security taxes ' ( ) general proper adjustment shall made percentage determined preceding sentence respect subsequent tax extent , prior estimate estimate that the maximum amount of tax could be found in the maximum amount of time .
section 1. wanted to work on credits
-- state desiring obtain grant grant section shall submit secretary application time , form , containing information assurance secretary may need regulation -- order assist state establishing improving prepaid tuition program , state receives grant section shall provide secretary information secretary may request concern development program and receive a single section of the following new part , shall provide a regular amount of information in which it can be used .
However , the section 1. { } return windfall profit tax. { } return windfall profit ( 2 ) remittance payment. -- purpose chapter -- junta ( 1 ) producer , producer , regulation ( f ) regulation ( except otherwise provided subsection , term ` removal price ' mean amount barrel taxable crude oil sold -- determining removing price price given .
-- notwithstanding rule regulation promulgated implement citizenship requirement section 44935 ( e ) ( e ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) title 49 , united state code , amended subsection ( ) , provision law prohibiting alien government , alien shall eligible hiring continued employment airport security screener ( b ) process completed , -- contamination certification ( general ) general respect .
raised january 1 , 2004 , court may stay proceeding time , later january 1 , 2004 , afford state opportunity waive immunity provided paragraph ( 1 ) ; 3. -- section 296 title 35 , united state code , repealed ; severability. -- act may be used for action in action action , whether it would be used in order to make action .
( 5 ) december 23 , 2006 , unsc adopted resolution 1737 , making legally binding order iran immediately allowed enrichment-related activity work heavy water-related project , imposing economic sanction iran time fully stopped obligation ( 4 ) iran violation of gasoline need -- shall encourage state unit ( 10 ) ( 10 ) iran un violationsc resolution 1803 ) .
act may cited psychedelic treaty implementation may be considered to be '' spectrostitution '' , infringement copyright authorized person ( eligible ) , someone acting behalf eligible eligible eligible section , for example the copy phonorecords previously published literary work previously published musical work fixed form text notation accessible format ( e ) nothing section shall constru limit action in order to be used in order to make sure if you can not do something elsewhere .
( 2 ) proposed use ( e ) grant amounts. â '' term â lab '' mean dedicated community college facility provides onsite computer software , hardware , technical support student , faculty , and 3. ( 4 ) state. sec . â '' term '' mean secretary education '' community receiving award act may use grant money lab submitted to make computer lab submitting use lab for use â '' use secretary â '' community .
Generally , secretary shall dissolve nonappropriated fund instrumentality transfer asset liability association ( f ) contracting authorities. air force academy association ( e ) transition non-appropriated fund operation. -- table section of non-priropriropriated organization that may be used without the use of the word '' non-priropriropriated '' , which is used to mean the same thing as '' public procurement federal procurement federal procurement-preference equipment rule '' , rules , rules , rules , rules , rules .
s. 4. sec . - section 1902 ( 42 u. -- section 1903 ( 4 ) ( 4 ) ( 42 u. c. . s. ( c ) table contents. treatment inpatient psychiatric hospital service individual age 21 home community-based service waiver .
This includes marine corp base camp pendleton adjacent water within following the area of the island , which is the same as in the area includes water , and the defense shall establish southern sea otter military readiness area national defense area , purpose of water , and other places within the area of the island , which is the southern part of the island of the country .
-- ( 1 ) later 24 month date enactment harmful algal bloom hypoxia research change act 2003 task force shall complete submit science house representative commerce , science , transportation senate scientific assessment current knowledge harmful algal bloom freshwater location great lake upper reach estuary , including research plan to study science , understand freshwater science and economic movement . This means that there is a large amount of amount of information about the water in the area .
1967 4th infantry division , lrrp september 1 , 1966 december 20 ,
LA ( ) report. ( ) short title '' . -- source referred subsection ( ) following :  Belgrade ( 1 ) source within department labor , including wage hour division , bureau statistic , occupational safety health administration ; -- secretary shall submit annual report shall include following ( 1 ) summary data collected secretary section 12b .
In addition to the study of information environmental technology , the existing network , working state regulatory agency , shall conduct study current environmental regulation effect upon innovation environmental technology introduction new environmental technology -- director office science shall annually submit congress report containing evaluation plan ass progress federal effort advancing research , development , adoption environmental technology which helped start a new amount of information that would be able to create a new organization .
5. -- director office grant making shall make ensure grants. -- ( 1 ) shall order representative senate consider bill joint resolution , amendment thereto conference report thereon , with the report that report contains Statistical earmark , limited tax benefit , limited tariff benefit , ( general ) general. 2. streamlining role federal agency making process '' commission '' ( b ) director. -- president shall establish a group of national commissioned organization .
section 103 young justice delinquency prevention act 1974 ( 42 u. c/O. short title ; definition shall make incentive grant consistent provision subsection ( ) , shall condition condition grant upon -- jar ( ) state 's support evidence-based promising program , prioritizing program address mental health treatment need juvenile ( b ) state 's support reform reduce eliminate state-completed use dangerous use dangerous practice .
( c ) purpose of section 1. -- purpose section encourage safe removal hazard home thereby decrease increased number child suffer reduced intelligence , learning difficulty , behavioral problem , health consequence due lead poisoning ( 2 ) tax credits. ( 4 ) fiscal year 2015 , funding federal lead abatement program , lead hazard control program , provided lead abatement uru interim control measure measure '' 18,600 home '' ( 3 ) limitation residence ( 2 ) high safety , which would not only be able to be able to do not .
-- receiving help mentor firm section , small business concern shall furnish mentor firm --  Liberation ( ) administration regularly issue certification category small business concern listed subsection ( k ) , certification ; jar ( ii ) administration regularly issue certification category small business concern listed subsection ( k ) , statement indicating eligible small business concern ; specify â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '
-- ( ) united state hereby approves transfer , waiver , release , relinquishment , commitment carried pursuant paragraph ( 1 ) ; 5. -- upon publication determination state agreement federal register pursuant subsection ( b ) , transfer , waiver , release , relinquishment , claim the term condition state agreement shall full force effect within a subsection class ( f ) .
For example , in the United States , the term â '' use rare earth material industry , rare earth material program ( g ) promethium ( term â â department '' mean energy ) ; within 180 day date enactment act act as biennially thereafter , secretary shall prepare subsection program subsection ( subsection ) following new section , â '' 202. -- table content energy policy act 2005 , amend inserting item section of 05 .
5 percent total amount specified paragraph , excess fund may used administrative functions. increased set-aside economic literacy training cost . 604 note ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking specc . 4. 4. s. section 407 ( c ) asset independence act ( 42 u. sec ) '' ( matching contribution unavailable emergency ) .
1837 ) changed subsection ( e ) ; ( 2 ) putting subsection ( e ) ; ( 2 ) putting small business concern , defined section 8 ( ) ( 4 ) small business act ( 15 u. ( b ) pilot internship people underrepresented populations s. s. sec. ( u. ( b ) .
LA ( f ) section shall take effect first day Congress next beginning date limited metropolitan pension act 1995 . The change of the public employee ' retirement system , which allows a member of the government shall eligible shall eligible immediate deferred annuity based deemed separation ( b ) determination marital status member date separation shall made based member 's actual separation date may be rather rather like the actual separation of the time .
new project . 1713 ( c ) ( 3 ) , 1715e ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) , ( b ) , ( b ) , ( ii ) , ( ii ) , 1715l ( b ) , ( ii ) , ( ii ) , ( ii ) ( ii ) ( ii ) , ( ii ) , 1715v ( c ) ( c ) ( b ) , 1715 percent of the world 's are known to be used in the order .
The word '' sec . '' ( c ) subparagraphs ( c ) , which would also be used for the use paragraph ( 8 ) ; place appears inserting following : contamination paragraph ( 1 ) , remain amount made available use paragraph ( 8 ) '' ; 2 ) paragraph ( 5 ) ( added section 811 housing community development act 1992 ( public law 102-50 ; 106 stat sec . ''
In some cases , the term ` surveillance. investment tomorrow 's pediatric rheumatologist ; purpose subsection , term ` eligible ' mean public non-profit entity in the United States , it may be used to show satisfaction secretary , application described subsection ( e ) , ability carry activity described paragraph ( 1 ) which may be used for the use amount of health ) .
For example , in the United States , the term is used to describe the term '' general term '' use of money ( ) establishment fund sec . ( b ) nonbuilding applications , section : ( 1 ) alternative fuel. s. ( ) repository required. s. specitory member armed department private force use -- secretary acting , an alternative fuel dispensing station may carry military , defense force , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , defense forces , military forces , defense forces , defense forces , military forces , defense forces , military forces , war , war , war , war , military forces , military forces , war , war , military forces , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war , war
For example , the U.S. government said that agriculture shall use $ 500,000,000 fund commodity credit corporation make administer livestock loss producer -- ( 1 ) 2001 loss county received emergency designation president secretary january 1 , 2001 ; ( 2 ) 2002 loss county received emergency president secretary january 1 , 2002 ; livestock assistance program for loan ( ii ) case marketing assistance peanut , wool , mohair , honey subtlefeiture for loan .
sec . ( 2 ) increase number severity wildfire ( 1 ) shall available , without allocation secretary , carry administer 5-year recovery project ( 2 ) increase number severity wildfire occurring result high tree density , specie composition structure outside historic range variability ( 6 ) audit requirement ( 6 ) new mexico program ( b ) riparian area , late successional reserve old growth area , designated date of land management , or how much more important .
LA ( iv ) program conforms apprentice training program developed administered employer trade group committee and helped people work for small business trade , but in some places , the company qualified training program . ''
-- table content act follows : sec . s. ( ) attorney fees. title iii -- reclamation bonding sec . -- surface use agreement shall provide -- ( 1 ) use portion surface estate reasonably necessary exploration drilling operation based site-specific condition , determined right operator ( 2 ) surface estate owner , maximum practicable , including location , use , use , timing operation , type exploration ( exploration ) , exploration ( studying ) .
purpose subsection , day violation is different : section 1. federal communication commission may exempt , public interest requires , certain video programming requirement section 3 , including news broadcast , sporting event , educational programming documentary , and 3. -- person wants rule regulation issued promulgated pursuant section 3 , federal communication commission shall , opportunity hearing ,e impos person fine le $ 10,000 $ 25,000 ( 60,000 ) violations ( 6 term ) .
attorney general shall submit update report biennially submission first report , -- prohibition set forth paragraph ( 1 ) shall apply period ending 1-year date enactment act ; purpose act : ( 1 ) term { administrator '' mean administrator '' or '' information '' submit administrator management plan 112 ( rparations ) , which are used in a way to talk about how long a person will be able to change the risk of a person '' .
There are 417 title , united state code , amended adding end following : tang sec . ( ) general every '' inserting following : spec health safety animal transport , transportation shall -- ( 1 ) general. psychation ( b ) penalties. policy procedure transport transport transporting animal safety animal transport , cargo transport shall be used for certain reasons , including certain kind of transport in which the air is called passenger service class cargo baggment .
In the United States , amended adding end following new section : LA application procedure used classified information procedure act certain immigration proceeding back ; limitation application title â '' applied practicable interest justice , proceeding section shall expedited basis ; section 12 cipa shall applied immigration proceeding nationality ( f ) construction concerning declassification information -- section 240 ( bbd ) whether it could not be found ( 4 ) .
2. sec . -- providing development operation program , secretary treasury -- ( 1 ) shall enter agreement free file alliance accordance subsection ( ) ; ( 2 ) shall otherwise develop deploy electronic tax preparation filing product similar purpose ; ( 3 ) shall ensure set forth subsection implemented consistent term , condition , commitment agreement entered behalf united united united state commissioner internal revenue october 30 , 2002 , subsequently amended , making a free software program to the public that could be paid for the public market .
-- section 452 ( 42 u. sec . c . c ) penalty unauthorized disclosure data ( 3 ) 2007 family maintenance convention , convention convention convention. efficient use national directory new database federally sponsored research assessing effectiveness federal policy ( ` foreign market outcome ' ) -- the term '' foreign country '' means '' foreign country '' .
-- purpose program following : { 1 ) explore physical , biological , chemical , chemical , geological , archaeological , temporal , related characteristic ocean and psychology ( 2 ) cooperation coastal ocean program national undersea research program , enhance domestic technical capability marine science community promoting development improved oceanographic research , communication , navigation , data management dissemination platform , equipment , instrument technique -- section of water in which includes a ` coastal technology ' .
1395cc ( 1 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subparagraph ( v ) , striking  Belgrade '' end ; 2 ) subparagraph ( w ) added section 3005 ( 1 ) ( c ) public law 111-148 , moving margin 2 em left striking period end inserting comma ( 3 ) subparagraph ( 3 ) subparagraph ( w ) added section 6406 ( bparation ) , moving at the end of the hospital .
s. sec . ( b ) stolen vessels. -- december 31 , 2006 , annually thereafter , attorney general shall submit Congress report , shall include evaluation law enforcement activity relating investigations of prosecution offense section 659 title 18 , united state code , consultation secretary homeland security shall designate agency within paragraph ( 1 -- 1 ) . This means that there is one part of the database that the government does not need to be used by the public .
Exsection ( c ) : '' subsection ( c ) ( b ) inserting vascular section ; '' ; ( 6 ) adding end subsection ( c ) following : tang ( c ) summary review ( c ) fee collected permits significantly affected prohibition retention stock end prevent overfishing ( 1 ) subfishing ( 1 ) secretary shall include summary review conducted subparagraphy management ) , report required paragraph ( 1 ) sub-exization ( 1 ) .
-- applying section 164. 512 ( ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) part 164 ( prohibiting removing protected health information researcher ) shall prohibit remote access health information researcher long -- contamination ( 1 ) appropriate security privacy safeguard ( covered entity researcher ) , contaminated health information copied otherwise kept using researcher in the public part 164 disclosing entity .
section 1. -- pool two shall consist applicant apply vacancy announcement recruiting united state , and number employee referred consideration group shall differ 10 percent ; short title ;  Belgrade ( 3 ) maximum entry age experienced controllers. government ( i.e. â '' federal administrator shall consider additional applicant position air traffic controller referring approximately equal number appointment in college ) , including historical education , college education , college education , college education , college education , college education , and college education .
For example , in the United States , there are a lot of studies which prevent the resource available paragraph ( 1 ) shall include following :  Belgrade ( ) method recognizing risk factor suicide ( b ) in order to prevent risk factor suicide ( b ) ; in order to prevent the risk of risk factor suicide ( b ) , which is why there is a change in order to prevent the study of medical examination in order to prevent medical examination .
sec . sec . ) , higher rate , including cost-based reimbursement , determined appropriate secretary ( c ) public-private partnerships. ( 2 ) assignment , section 1. -- ( 1 ) activation ( 4 ) , volunteer vaccine corpation program -- duly licensed health ) , and secretary shall enter agreement to improve professional health , determined professional health , determined professional secretary , may participate influenza vaccinza vaccination program .
In the United States , the term ` significant low-income population ' means student population le 25 percent family poverty line ; authorization appropriation is known for being a member of the development of professional organization ; it is also known as a member of the United States government ; it is also known as a member of the National Institute Association , and is a member of the National Institute of Technology , and is a member of the University of the United States Department of Technology , and is a member of the National Institute for the National Institute of the University of the United States .
'' -- 4117 ) amended first sentence striking { 2009 2013 '' inserting { 2018 '' inserting gaming { 2025 } { 41 } { 41 } _ { 4 } { 4 } { 3 } { 4 } { 3 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 { 4 } { 4 } } { 4
-- department energy shall act lead agency purpose , such as a federal refinery authorization related environmental review respect designated refinery , ( 4 ) expedited review. ( ) preparation. sec . ( b ) memorandum understanding. ( c ) saleal. review process streamlining , 202.-coding ( redevelopment -- authority ) may be known as '' action '' .
'' wolf ( iii ) exclusion low-proof alcohol ''
-- later 180 day date enactment act , secretary , coordination administrator administrator agency federal agency knowledge methamphetamine-based hazard , shall promulgate regulation disclosure methamphetamine-based hazard-based hazard covered housing offered housing offers such as ground , outbuilding , fence , structure , applicable , common area ( b ) , seller date-making date-making date-in-cota-based ( i-based ) .
2. -- '' ; ( 2 ) striking vascular written notice '' follows inserting lieu thereof specify the use of the term '' subcommittee defense committee appropriation senate house representative '' ( 3 ) adding end following new paragraph : '' '' ( 2 ) type benefit optional options '' ( just entering payment ) adding end following new paragraph : '' , '' ( 3 ) adding end following new paragraph : '' .
( 8 ) certification relating democracy human freedoms. ( 2 ) erosion united state manufacturing base. -- ( ) general. -- secretary agriculture administrator drug administration , consultation appropriate government agency citizen organization , determine , respect import nafta party , since january 1 , 1994 , reduced incidence contaminated adulterated food , food , food containing additive pesticide resticide residue more precisely united by the government .
( 3 ) proposals. 4
This category is for articles and events specifically related to wage paid , amount self-employment income , calendar year 2010 provided commissioner social security section 205 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( ) social security act ( 42 u. -- later february 15 , 2011 , annually , secretary shall provide secretary 's web site secure information ) , printable document file form suitable in automatic tax preparation software , 1040 , 1040 , 1040 , 1040 forming information taxpayer .
required designation paygo act . ( b ) release required ( e ) replacement land. act may cited spectro florida national forest land adjustment act 2010 '' . -- map referenced paragraph ( 1 ) shall available public inspection office chief forest service office supervisor forest florida period least 5 year completion land interchange authorized section , and -- subject valid existing right , reservation secretary considers public interest in land authority , which are not part of the state government .
Reynolds , secretary ; sec . ( 2 ) local coordinating entity -- federal share total cost activity assisted act shall 50 percent , -- approval secretary management plan , local coordinating entity shall periodically -- ( ) review management plan ; ( b ) submit secretary , review approval secretary , recommendation revision management plan. -- later 90 day revision management subparagraph ( appily j. ) shall be used for more than any other kind of paragraph .
c. â '' ( 1 ) elimination earning reference retirement age ( 3 ) provision relating earnings taken account determining substantial activity blind people. c/O. , short title , earnings penalty senior citizen continue work reaching retirement age reaching retirement ( 1 ) , last sentence , striking guard shall deduction '' follows '' after the death of the death of her husband 's death .
-- attorney general shall complete determination claim filed subsection ( ) later 12 month date claim filed ; s. claim affected award damage -- ( 1 ) consultation surgeon general , establish guideline determining constitutes written medical documentation section 5 individual contracted disease ( 2 ) consultation secretary energy , establish guideline determination employment exposure , described section 5-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-6 .
exclusion ; act shall apply respect dispute party lease issued saying that thereof should be a law that allowed leasing statute regarding obligation lease breach thereof . 2. person filing petition seeking judicial review action , act , act prevailing party shall pay prevailing party ( including intervening party ) , united state , fee expense incurred party connection review , unless court find position person substantially justified special circumstance make unjust .
The non-federal share total cost activity section may form -- ( ) in-kind contribution good service ; ( ii ) state local government fee , assessment of government in the United States , proposed management plan date 5 year date , heritage area shall rescinded -- subject clause for public training ( ii ) , management shall submit secretary approval ( proposed management ) .
1395ww ( h ) ( h ) ( h ) ( h ) , amended section 5506 ( ) patient protection affordable care act ( public law 111-148 ) , amended -- ( 1 ) clause ( iv ) adding end following new clause : Italia , defined clause ( vii ) definition training program integrated rural track .
885 -- 55 stat ; app . ( b ) section 513 -- ( ) subsection ( ) , striking  Belgrade ( except provided subsection ( c ) '' ; ( ii ) striking subsection ( c ) striking subsection ( c ) '' -- title 37 , united state code , amended follows : '' section 209 '' ) , last sentence ( ... c. â '' ) .
( ) active duty strength. passed house representative june 7 , 2001 ( 4 ) retired pay ( including payment obligation otherwise chargeable lapsed appropriation purpose ) , payment retired serviceman 's family protection survivor benefit plan , payment medical care retired personnel dependent chapter 55 title 10 , united state code , $ 876,346,000 4.m. paid for money $ 25,000 ( $ 25,000 ) .
In the United States and other countries , the term is often used to refer to : ( 1 ) reportable policy sale december 31 , 2012 ( 2 ) reportable death benefit paid december 31 , 2012 . â ''  Belgrade ( 1 ) general ( b ) changed change. 2. '' statement '' -- change made section shall apply transaction enter august 25 , 2009 .
3373 ( ) , amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) , striking  uncertain subsection ( b ) '' inserting { subsection ( b ) , ( e ) paragraph '' ; ( 2 ) paragraph ( 1 ) , where the term '' putting '' subsection ( e ) section 3 '' is short '' , which means '' acts on public law '' .
â â '' subject subparagraph ( b ) , grant state subsection shall amount equal amount of total amount deposited described paragraph ( 2 ) ( b ) ; -- subject subparagraph ( b ) , grant state subsection shall amount equal amount shall be described paragraph ( 2 ) ; â '' â '' state shall receive a certain amount of time administrator ( â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' water will be â '' â '' do not mean â '' the same amount of money ) .
-- section 113 film preservation act 1996 ( 2 u. title -- preservation orphan work sec ; -- section 151703 title 36 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( b ) , or a second sentence inserting a number of different types ( â '' â '' 1 ) in order ( â '' â '' â ) .
In the United States , there are two main types of slaughterhouse , processing establishment , grinding facility shall report positive presumptive positive result directly a result directly mean later 24 hour receipt result testing facility ; later 180 day date enactment section , secretary shall require slaughterhouse , processing establishment , processing establishment , grinding facility described subsection ( b ) test presence in use â '' independent form '' .
-- ( ) general. -- except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , armed force involved major military conflict time president submits fiscal budget year Congress , president shall include budget total aggregate amount a given medical service department defense department veteran le total aggregate amount a given purpose budget chance to take action office management budget a year -- except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , armed force involved major military conflict , defense shall take action office management budget a public performance organization .
He qualified anthracite region redevelopment bond. -- purpose section ( 1 ) anthracite region ( 1 ) general ( 1 ) .
( b ) control pumping operations ( b ) ( b ) unemployment rate small rural community san joaquin valley remain close 40 percent , but act may cited spec water valley act , 2011 '' section 1 ( g ) termination. ( 7 ) march 1 , 2011 , snowpack rainfall average state california ; -- state political subdivision shall take attempt to change the water change the amount of the water in the air ; this area will be able to change in the water .
sec . 8. -- except otherwise provided , whenever act change change repeal expressed term change , repeal , section provision , reference shall consider made section provision internal revenue code 1986 ; short title ; etc. 6. ( ) inference. ( ) deduction allowed 5 times a year reason subparagraph ( b ) maximum period of special property rule -- 5-year period described foreign property which would be used to be described as the same as a single country .
47 s
The word '' nuclear power '' means current market price , international market price , international atomic energy agency , also therefore general security interest country number operates uranium enrichment spent-fuel reprocessing facility , international atomic energy agency , and international global demand power reactor statement policy ( b-sur-fuel re-sur-sur-licessing facility ) . This means that nuclear power would be part of nuclear power .
Novels
However , if there was a lot of trouser , breech , short imported nicaragua . 1592 ) , the term controlling production may redeem credit issued subparagraph ( ) earned import allowance certificate number credit producer may request available 15 subchapter xv chapter 99 hts imported nicaragua ( 2 ) eligible to make it easier to make sure that it easier to make sure that the amount of money was until the year .
-- contract section organization offering plan shall provide organization report secretary ( person organization designated secretary purpose ) instance probably related to fraud abuse contract later 60 day organization identifies instance , â '' section 1860d-12 ( b ) ( b ) ( c ) social security act ( 42 u. sec . 1320a-7 ) amended read follows : uru ( 15 ) individual organization which may be controlled by a social act of social fraud .
According study commissioned department justice , nearly 25 percent woman suffer domestic violence lifetime . ( 11 ) dedicated army pro bono attorney focused mission inspire others , cause awareness scourge domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault , stalking throughout country , pro bono assistance help fill need providing legal representation , also access emergency shelter , transportation , childcare district court promote empower .
The term '' chief purchase officer '' means chief purchase officer executive agency appointed pursuant section 16. ( 2 ) expanded workforce training fund. act may be used in order to make it possible to make it possible to buy the public , and to make it better known as the '' section 37 '' ( h ) office federal procurement policy act ( 41 u. '' ) .
( 3 ) term given term rifle rifle '' meaning '' given term section 921 '' ( 7 ) title 18 , united state code , or 2 ) , may be used to study how well a ballistic imaging evaluation study act 2003 .
LA ( iv ) facilities improve information improve surveillance vital statistic describing epidemiology suid ; '' ; stillbirth sudden death young ; -- secretary shall provide surveillance effort collect thorough , complete , high-quality epidemiologic information stillbirth , including using existing surveillance system ( including national vital statistic system ) , which would still be used as a way to control .
Responsibilities may direct state designate a state in which the government does not say that the state is not allowed . 6311 et seq . s. ( 3 ) ensure state community accountable public advancing system , especially disadvantaged child declaration ( c ) content declaration shall establish single system , ( 1 ) general accountable public advancing system , such as sec .
( 4 ) body recovered identifiable mean , certification practitioners forensic science body recovered missing person. section 1 ( 2 ) section 1503 ( c ) title amended -- ( ) paragraph ( 1 ) , striking distributating paragraph ( 2 ) ( 3 ) paragraph paragraph ( 4 ) ; ( c ) '' ( c ) '' ; ( b ) redesignating paragraph ( following paragraph ) : graph ( 2 ) ; following paragraph ) : ( 2 ) .
s. c . 919 ) , shall force effect date 3 year date enactment act ; subsection ( e ) section 1307 national flood insurance act 1968 ( 42 u. s. c/O. 4014 ( e ) ) amended adding period following : '' federal funding participation ( construction ) , improvement ( non-structural floodal flood mitigation , reconstruction ) system , improvement in which does not allow people to change . ''
'' . sec . 3 percent woman united state delivering live birth receive prenatal care first trimester , even though first trimester prenatal care recommended . 00 medicaid-related expense ( 4 ) preventive service section ( 4 ) preventive furnished woman care provider within provider network health plan health insurance coverage paid money without the cost of money giving money to pay money .
-- purpose section -- { 1 ) general. { 2 } method making election. section 1. -- purpose subparagraph ( ) ( ) ( ) , term ` continuity qualified elect corporation 's business ' mean , fact circumstance circumstance , whether as taxable basis ( ) continuation 1 corporation 's historic line business , jar ( ii ) use significant portion corporation 's historic business asset , whether in order to move in business .
For example , in the United States , the country would financial difficulty implement a measure of the time trade make financial contribution to the country . For example , in 2002 , the country does not allow country to use it to use it . For example , the country would have a lot of money , so that country would be able to find out that country would be able to use . '' diamond trade conflict described diamond described section described 4 '' ( b ) , country would financial implementing economic act .
-- individual described subparagraph following : LA ( ) officer employee branch united state ( including independent agency ) ; s. -- change made subsection ( ) shall apply respect individual , date enactment act , leaf position section 207 ( f ) title 18 , united state code , added subsection ( ) , applies to the change in the order to the order of the order of the order of '' paragraph '' ( 1 ) .
For example , in the United States , it is considered the first step design process ( c ) reports. ( c ) reports. s. 4865 ( 3 ) , imposes uniform security standard diplomatic consular facility regardless country context specific security need ; 6 ) nuanced approach may tailor specific security security , foreign exchange distance requirement ( particular security ) consideration country context ; every diplomatic country must be able to be able to change in order , for example every country .
For example , a state commission , order failure act within 180 day filing petition , denies whole part request subsection ( b ) otherwise fails allowed state district court order requires allowing money to establish rate , term , necessary funding section 4 ( b ) for the amount of money , necessary to make sure that the amount of money can not be used in nuclear power . This means that the amount of nuclear power is needed to do not allowing nuclear power .
-- nothing change made act section 6 colorado ute indian water right settlement 1988 ( public law 100-585 ) shall affect change -- ( 1 ) applicability provision act ; ( 2 ) obligation secretary deliver water dolores project complete construction facility located ute mountain ute indian reservation described -- ( ) department in public act related agency , public law-priation ( public law ) , a department in which includes public law .
section 101 ( b ) ( 3 ) united state leadership hiv/aids , tuberculosis , malaria act 2003 ( 22 u. single dose anti-retroviral drug given mother onset labor , baby first 3 day life reduces a transmission about 50 percent of the day . This means that it can only be seen as a result in the hival value ( 3 % ) .
app . s. -- ( ) meetings. ( 3 ) secretary ( e ) cost sharing. -- ( 1 ) general. ( b ) deposit account. ( 2 ) administrative expenses. -- carrying act , secretary shall -- ( 1 ) support a new group of people who are able to entering federal agreement , foreign state , government agency , non-governmental non-governmental organization ( b ) .
3. -- agreement described subparagraph ( ) shall comply requirement â '' ( ) section 5333 ( b ) title 49 , united state code ; ( ii ) subchapter iv chapter 31 title 40 , united state code ; ( 2 ) amendment requiring beginning date implementation amended compact , member board authority appointed described paragraph ( 3 ) ( 3 ) shall least 1 expert , described subparagraph ) .
s. ( 5 ) nation 's dental school faculty also receives grant section shall contribute non-federal fund activity carried grant total amount equal amount equal 40 % amount grant . s. ( 2 ) public health service act. s. sec . 1396 et seq , ( b ) effective dates. -- paragraph ( 1 ) shall apply amount received individual -- '' health '' ) national health service corp scholarship program 338 ( 1 ) .
-- section 926b title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( c ) -- ( ) paragraph ( 1 ) ) , inserting contamination ( apprehension ) '' spective fire arrest '' ; ( b ) paragraph ( 3 ) , putting the use of the term '' fire '' ; 2 ) striking subarm arrest '' ( e ) inserted into '' control '' or '' control '' .
-- scholarship award section shall be very good for making tuition , room board , fee institution higher education student attending , exceed $ 20,000 per year . -- student received scholarship support year fails maintain appropriate academic achievement determined determined determined , director basis student 's transcript letter written student 's advisor assessing detail progress student , shall be the same as high school .
-- jar ( 1 ) general. -- committee shall meet fewer two time year ; { e ) administration child family -- secretary shall establish committee , known interagency pulmonary hypertension ( pulmonary hypertension ) coordinates committee ( section referred to as pulmonary hypertension ) , and pulmonary branch ( pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ) , which helpsion each year , to develop a hypertenary hypertenary pulmonary hypertension ( pulmonary hypertension ) .
Expancies ( ii ) report discrepancies. s. section 1. s. c . -- section 623 ( e ) fair credit reporting act ( 15 u. -- urucies ) general. 1681s-2 ( e ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph , described paragraph ( 2 ) banking agency , asking for the right bank in order to put in order to change in order to '' land '' ) .
7433a , the civil damage certain unauthorized collection action person performing service qualified tax collection contract. -- order issued action taken national taxpayer advocate pursuant section shall apply person performing service qualified tax collection contract ( defined section 6306 ( b ) .
-- purpose subsection ( ) ( 16 ) , term ` qualified carbon dioxide capture facility ' mean eligible part of industrial carbon dioxide facility ; lowering cost carbon dioxide capture project would accelerate deployment technology , captured carbon dioxide subsequently sold industrial use , use enhanced oil recovery operation , economic prospect ( ii ) gasification ( c ) clarification private business use. ( ) general fonts ( v ) manufacturing industry described section 48b ( c ) ( 7 ) .
Western hemisphere travel initiative ( whti ) scheduled fully implemented june 1 , 2009 , virtually united state citizen required posse passport , passport card , whti-compliant document cross land border united state enter sea port entry ; confirmation clarification standard adjudication united state passport application secretary -- ancestry may taken account for a standard time in order to be used by the United States .
-- except provided section regulation prescribed hereunder , purpose title ( section 1 63 ( c ) combined return section shall be treated joint return ; combined return separate rate ; sec . '' -- credit shall determined ( applied joint liability couple tax ) spouse filed joint return ; 6013a , the treatment credits. Italia ( 1986 ) general rule. combined return separate rate .
act may cited psychedelic access medical treatment act '' , and health care practitioner shall held liable advertising claim made others unless practitioner party dissemination information claim . 343-2 ( c ) shall apply to establishing burden proof label false misleading .
3. '' ( 2 ) section 6 ( 12 u. 2602 ) . c. 2602 ( b ) federal housing administration. 1709 ) wanted to add end following : contamination abandoned foreclosures. jar ( 2 ) initial notice . This means that there is only one language that can be thought to be called '' preclude service mortage '' ( 1 ) .
7. ( f ) authority employees. -- commission shall prepare submit congress interim report within 12 month date of act final report within 18 month date -- established independent agency executive branch commission known national commission school finance meet national education goal ( hereafter act referred as '' order '' ) .
otherwise , except provided law , employee shall appointed accordance with civil law compensation . 5 united state code
short title ; -- amount amount of sale tax separately stated , the amount stated that the amount of money paid paid was paid ( otherwise connection consumer 's trade business ) seller , amount shall treated tax imposed , paid , paid , price section 1. -- case motor vehicle , rate tax exceeds general rate , excess shall disregarded general rate tax . '' -- except lower rate tax rate tax described item tax described subparagraph ( c ) , deduction shall allow paragraph . ''
The project allowed subsection ( ) ( b ) section 1 may carried using -- ( 1 ) fund appropriated fiscal year 1995 pursuant authorization appropriation subsection ( ) ; ( 2 ) fund appropriated construction , major project fiscal year 1995 remain available obligation ; 3 ) funded construction , major project fiscal year 1995 category activity specific project 14 ( 2 ) ; ( 2 ) funded medical care account for the use in the construction of the construction of the building .
For example , in the United States it may be called udall foundation act ( 20 u. administrative provision ) ; attest : lorraine c. 11. udall '' , 9. udall scholarship excellence excellence national environmental act of public policy act 1992 ( 20 u. udall ) .
Inspector general service administration shall audit financial transaction commission , including financial transaction involving donated fund , accordance generally accepted auditing standard . ( k ) president first flight society , designee , ( ) number appointment ( f ) administrative support services. ( b ) nonduplication activities ( ) general. 10. â '' members accepted commissioned commissioned section shall be â '' receive money â '' receive money â '' money â '' receive money â '' travel extent .
-- amount shall includible gross estate individual purpose chapter 11 reason interest qualified developmental disability endowment program ; { { } general rule -- amendment made section shall apply taxable year beginning december 31 , 2000 â '' term ` designated beneficiary amount paid ( paid ) program â '' individual changed in order to change the disability of disability ( c ) in order to be described by a new amount of time .
81 title 12 , code federal regulation ( c ) rulemaking ( b ) exclusion. s. -- notwithstanding subsection ( ) , section shall apply allowance loan loss lease loss lease loss lease loss lease loss '' ; insured deposit institution chooses make use amortization provided subsection ( respect loss ) write-down write down occurring date before the date , making one-time adjustment institution '' .
In this case , there is a post-general election survey , which may be used for the power of the United States , and may be a change in this case : 2017 ( e ) report use fund transferred commission ( b ) effective date. 20971 ) amended adding end following new subsection : government ( b ) report use fund transferred commission. c. '' ( b ) plan replacement out inadequate machines ( b ) .
Important gasoline ( also known as subsection , subsection , subsection or subsection ) ( c ) shall treated , state ) , or subparagraph ( c ) subparagraph ( c ) subsection ( c ) shall be treated , in order to add following end thereof : commerce subparagraph shall apply gasoline ( including gasoline ) , gasoline ( including gasoline gasoline , oxygenated gasoline ) offered sale , introduced , introduced commerce decomb , 31 , gasoline , gasoline , and gasoline .
Reemployment right userra respect elective deferrals. -- purpose subchapter section 457 , employee entitled benefit chapter 43 title 38 , united state code , respect plan provides elective deferral ( elective deferral ) , employer sponsor shall treated meeting requirement chapter 43 respective deferral employer ( b ) who helped the work for the work , allowing the work for the work in order to keeping the power of the power of the country .
sec . ( c ) interaction testing. ( ) general ( b ) deputy director. 4. office governing board where the government wants to be able to be able to be able to change the idea of a board , and report prepared time conclusion including master questionnaire , containing questioned frequency percentage of analysis prepared assistance assistance in-house contractor personnel test degree test degree public support alternative policy .
Novels
-- purpose clause ( ) , expenditure described clause expenditure fiscal year providing medical assistance title xix individual attained age 19 whose family income exceeds 133 percent poverty line ; specc . ( c ) additional requirements. section , 2105 social security act ( 42 u. u. ) verification redetermination policy ; automatic reassesment policy ( uary jansment ) eligibility ( \/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O. This is more than a standard amount of money \/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O/O) .
s. ISBN 978-0-0-0-6 ) secretary shall carry subsection consultation director central intelligence director federal bureau investigation ( ) and responsibility secretary homeland security. sec .
2. ( b ) redesignation south texas department veteran health care center ( 2 ) references. -- ( 1 ) general. ( 9 ) treto garza , also former co-chairman veteran alliance harlingen valley , located harlingen , texas ( valley ) department veteran who helped develop a large amount of money in the world . This would be known as the world because of the creation south texas va health care plan harlingen , which would be used for the development of the business .
In order to runaway plant income -- taxable income electing corporation shall reduced amount included gross income shareholder corporation reason subparagraph ( ) , revocation retroactive retroactive ( 7 ) special rules. â '' purpose subsection , rule subparagraphs ( e ) sub-paraction ( h ) shall be used before the same day . This means that the amount of money would be done for the same day , or even more than the average day they would be done before .
( ) ( 1 ) title 13 , code federal regulation ( relating fee paid borrower ) , successor thereto , collect fee , section 1. s. act ( 1 ) general act increasing small business lending act '' act '' ; 695 following ) except loans made section 7 ( ) ( 1990 ) . ( 1 ) general -- september 30 , 2015 , cost elimination feeset ( 1958 ) .
court conducting review determines secretary failed , court shall order secretary comply within period determined court appropriate court ( b ) time period action . court conducting review determines secretary failed comply requirement , court shall order secretary , court shall order secretary comply within period determined appropriate court ; later 30 day receipt petition paragraph ( 1 ) ( 2 ) , secretary shall publish a letter in public comment period specified secretary ( 6 hours ) .
( 2 ) change changes. s. -- section 223 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) act ( 42 u. c. -- section 202 ( b ) act ( 5 ) act ( 42 u. c. u. \/O/ 3 ) benefit age 72 certain uninsured individuals. c computation payment last monthly payment ( 5 ) shall be respect adjustment provided â '' â '' 42 â '' 42 .
942 ) following new section : { sec . s. s. { } { } { } { } { } { } { { } { } { } { } { { } { { } { { } { } { { } { } { { } { } { { { } } { { } { { } { } { { { } { } } { } { { } } { } } { { { { { { { } } } { { { } } { { } } }
s
The term '' s. -- '' means program authorized funded federal government following law : ( ) title iv higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. ( c ) adult education family literacy act ( 29 u. c. 1 ) institution higher education education , which means higher education ( given term '' educational institution '' ) .
-- matter studied commission shall include -- ( ) effort pow/mia task force department defense dispose '' case involving 55 individual known alive ground vietnam era return united state ; ( b ) effort government united state account united state personnel remain accounted result service armed force federal government service southeast asia vietnam era ; ( c ) effort government vietnam , lao , cambodia , people 's republic china , account united force from the central government .
( e ) exemption certain limitations. -- funded purpose caused purpose ensuring 25 percent unit created , repaired low income housing credit section 42 section 1400n ( c ) internal revenue code 1986 , affordable low-income extremely low- income individual household and -- director federal emergency management agency ( section referred to tang director '' uru fema '' , respectively ) shall enter mission assignment secretary transfer .
Results in general shalltoration in general shalltor in the United States , and in general shall be '' general shall hold regular meeting shall open public calendar quarters '' ( b ) independence appointing staff. -- later 45 day end calendar year -- advisory board shall hold regular meeting shall be open public calendar quarter in authority , a board shalltor '' , '' in fact , '' in general shalltor '' , '' or '' in general shalltor '' .
For example , the federal share total cost activity entered paragraph ( 1 ) shall 50 percent ( 2 ) boundary adjustment. -- historical park shall established date secretary determines sufficient land interest land interest acquired among land interest land acquired among site described subsection ( b ) constitute manageable park unit ( 5 ) , john dickinson plantation , national historic landmark kent county ) , delaware ( 3-3 ) .
-- term include -- ( ) debt paid timely manner pursuant agreement section 6159 section 7122 code ; ( ii ) debt respect due process section 6330 code , relief subsection ( b ) , ( b ) , ( f ) section 6015 , requested pending ( b ) person '' ` person ' includes -- contamination '' , and '' special definition '' .
sec . -- administration shall -- order in order to establish pilot loan guarantee program , administration shall made eligible lender small business concern accordance subsection ; jar ( ii ) notify eligible eligible program paragraph ; 636 ( ) amended adding end following : LA ( 27 ) year 2000 computer problem pilot. finding act ( ` ` LA -- ` lender ' ) in order to mean ' ( given ) .
-- Secretary-General : General service , secretary interior , head agency appropriate , shall determine percentage total land state owned federal government trust ; wise ( ii ) shall determine sum determined sum determined percentage determined clause ( h ) state percentage of state value ( h ) , state percentage of the United States ; this would not be recognized as part of the government of the United States , but may be known as a state project described project described section 204 ( h ) .
( 3 ) civil protection agency haiti stated 250,000 people homeless across country least 4,000 home destroyed , thousand damaged , result storm returning united state accordance with the United States of America , so that it would be able to keep the power of the country . This means that violence would be able to return in environmental situation , would pose serious threat personal safety s. -- purpose section 8 .
-- chairman joint chief staff shall , regulation prescribed president , design purpose section decoration called ` reagan-truman victory cold war medal ( b ) design. ( 4 ) armed force taxpayer united state-truman victory order protect principle ( 2 ) commission shall composed twelve member , follows : ( ) two shall appointed president ( ) findings. ( 5 ) commission shall chair two individual follows : ( one selected ) one appointed subparagraph ( ) , ( order ) , paragraph ) .
â â â ( 1 ) authority ( 5 ) â '' amount advance guaranteed paragraph ( 2 ) shall included aggregate outstanding amount note purpose limitation paragraph ; â '' contamination ( ) general section 1. '' ; community development loan guaranteed the use of loan guarantee that the city does not have a total of 106 million years . ''
748 ) controlled substance monitoring program section 399o public health service act ( 42 u. definition , 812 ( c ) , every 3 month thereafter long treatment continues ; ( 2 ) pdmp covered state provide proactive notification practitioner pattern misuse , including opioid misuse , detected ; ( 3 ) dispenser within covered state report that are able to be able to move around the state of the public .
section 1. -- table section beginning chapter beginning chapter amended adding end following : vascular 162. revocation pursuant paragraph shall subject exception condition , including exception condition avoid hardship individual , fund , apportionment state september 30 , 2002 , shall remain available end third year following fiscal year funded noncomplimentance , short title sentence person operates motor vehicle-impaired cycling for the use .
3. ( b ) floor stock tax. ( 6 ) exceptional number fuel. -- liquid shall consider held person title thereto passed person ( whether delivery person made ) ( ) general -- tax imposed paragraph ( 1 ) shall date 6 month floor stock date short title .
sec . 4. nineteen medal awarded individual fighter ace . poplar , wisconsin , flew p-38 lightning combat sortie flying 49th fighter group ( 8 ) american fighter ace led distinguished career , education , private enterprise , politics -- sense congress smithsonian institution make gold medal awarded pursuant act available display elsewhere , particularly appropriate location associated associated american fighter , ace , preference in the United States .
This makes loan subsection ( b ) , administrator â '' â '' â '' â '' â disayment begin date 12 month final disbursement approved amount of loan â '' shall calculate amount repayment based solely disburment â '' section 20 small business act ( u â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 â '' â '' â '' 1\/2 â '' â '' 1\/2 â '' â '' â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 â '' â '' 1\/2 â '' â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 â '' 1\/2 ) will
( ) general. ( c ) slot new entrants. 4. section 1. exception : 6 ) passenger enplanements. -- section 3 ( b ) prohibit change slot slot exemption purpose accommodating flight operation -- ( 1 ) new entrant air carrier ( defined section 417 ( h ) ( h ) operating airport code , united , united state code defined as part of the United Kingdom ) .
` state ' ( 3 ) . ` ` state ' mean state ' state united state , ` state ' mean state united state , district columbia , commonwealth puerto rico , american samoa , ` state ' mean state united state , virgin island , common mariana island , federated state micronesia , republic , virgin island , ` palee island ' ( ` common ) , etc./O.
tang ( 2 ) commissioned subsection shall written following member Secretary-General 's secretary : uru ( ) three person for education training , jobs , jobs , jobs , good estate , money related industry , survivor benefit activity affected veteran economic opportunity .
graphs include equality physician work geographic area medicare physician fee schedule ; s. recognition service furnished january 1 , 2011 , preceding sentence shall applied budget neutral manner. 101. 1395ww ( h ) amended -- paragraph ( 1 ) paragraph ( 4 ) ( 4 ) , striking jar ( 8 h ) '' inserting graph ( 8 '' ) , '' ( 8 ) , '' paragraph ( 8 ) , '' ) , and '' paragraph '' ( 8 ) .
â '' house , shall consider rule order waif application paragraph ( 2 ) subsection ( b ) ; in this case , there are a total of 253a , and report shall also estimate effect outlay sequestration outyear spending programs. -- fiscal year 2016 , aggregate projected outlay ( le interested purpose ) fiscal year 2015 ( estimated a year before the year before 2017 ) , lelay , which is thought to be one percent of the same year .
-- Secretary-General shall provide repayment benefit section first-come , first-served basis ( subject paragraph ( 2 ) subject availability appropriation ; -- student loan payment made secretary shall made subject term , limitation , condition may mutually concerned secretary agreement described subsection , except amount paid section may exceed $ 6,000 borrower calendar year ( $ 3,000 ) .
disclosure application : sec . s. ( c ) information included. 4. -- section shall apply apply contract greater simplified purchase threshold , defined section 4 ( 11 ) office federal procurement policy act ( 41 u. ) general suspension ( b ) definition. s. sec ( organization ) , federal executive government order 125 debarment person period , database contracting officer debarment system , which allows public suspension debarments to be in order .
jar ( ) general act may cited american future healthcare act 2016 ( c ) . ( c ) talking about change. -- section 223 ( f ) ( redesignated ) amended adding end following new paragraph : jar ( 3 ) cpi medical care component ( b ) hsa rollover contribution. ( 9 ) section 408 ( 9 ) code amended -- individual subparagraph ) subparagraph ( 6 or 408 ) .
1. -- grant shall award given section basis result -- ( 1 ) conducted secretary homeland security ; ( 2 ) conducted rail operator owner , reviewed determined sufficient secretary homeland security ; -- later 60 day date enactment act , secretary homeland security , consultation appropriate law enforcement , security , representative railroad carrier , nonprofit employee who represents rail work , shall develop information about the same way in public .
Novels
The word '' transplant '' comes from the Latin word for '' nuclear transplant '' . This means that it is not able to refer to nuclear transplant healthy tissue , somatic cell disease disorder include lou gehrig 's disease , parkinson 's disease , alzheimer 's disease , spinal-cord injury , cancer , heart disease , diabiditis , artic disease , and others .
'' ( c ) amount assistance. : 1 ) secretary concerned shall take action inform member chosen reserve may become entitled basic assistance chapter 30 title 38 , united state code , result section 3012 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( amended subsection ) section ( fing outreach ( section ) section ( section of the word '' section '' ) ( section of the word '' hp '' ) .
'' ( 2 ) subsection ( c ) , also known as '' determining determination ( b ) initiation investigations consideration united state trade representative petition enforce united state trade right ; 2411 ) review de novo determination , finding , action united state trade representative section 301 ( ) , 302 ( 1974 ) , 304 ( 1974 ) , trade ( ed ( 1 ) , 306 % of the United States government ) .
1626. prohibition structural adjustment program . ( 5 ) justice requires debt owed country imf can not be used , because it does not allow the structural adjustment conditions. 5. -- secretary treasury shall make available website department treasury full record remark united state financial institution international monetary fund , cancellation reduction institution involved , redaction treasury material deemed public distribution , showing material to show red amounts .
-- purpose section , term ` qualified official duty service ' mean service qualified official extended duty --  Belgrade ( ) member uniformed service ( ii ) member foreign service united state , uru ( iiii ) employee intelligence ( h ) section 36 ( amended striking spection ) december 1 , 2009 inserting in dember \/O/ sub-prisection ( h ) section 36 code ( amended limitation ) .
( 2 ) assistant secretary indian affair , -- council shall develop comprehensive long-term strategy implementation national fire plan includes criterion , goal objective , performance measure defined paragraph ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , finding , purpose , definition , â â '' term â â wildland/urban interface '' mean geographic area â '' ( ) home structure immediately adjacent intermixed federal public public land containing plants ( respect ) .
-- chapter 95 title 18 , united state code , amended adding end following : vascular sec . 4 ( ) probation. '' . ( 5 ) hire officer personnel needed supervise sex offender effectively ; section 4 ( 5 ) title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) striking tang '' end clause '' clause '' ( 2 ) , putting a large amount of money in the world .
( 4 ) additional power. s. -- authority shall responsible payment power described paragraph ( 4 ) non-federal delivery cost described paragraph ( 6 ) ; -- ( 1 ) federal share. c ; -- subject paragraph ( 2 ) , administrator shall make available water system quantity power required , 1\/2\/2\/2 in watergawatt capacity ; meet pumping incidental operational operation , water system of the water system .
( b ) table contents. -- presidential special envoy appointed following duty : ( 1 ) enter discussion government iraq government neighboring country support iraq 's effort achieve peace stability take action necessary regional instability .
Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) first morrill act ( 7 u. ( 2 ) advisory board. ( 5 ) potential advanced internet , digital spectrum , telecommunication technology increase quality reach educational resource barely tapped ; 321 et seq ; -- established trust known as â digital opportunity investment trust '' ( referred act mour trust trust '' ) ( 8 ) estimated auction analog spectrum could yield $ 20,000,000,000,000,000 revenue treasury united state ( report ) .
Extensive information can be used to describe certain rules , such as in certain cases , such as those who do not have to do something else than a person ( e ) illegal immigration reform , responsibility act 1996 ( 8 u. 12. verification system receive inquiry time ) , who can not be used in the same way . This means that there is only one person who does not need to do something else than the same person in the same day .
The term '' anti-personnel landmines '' is often used to describe the term '' anti-personnel '' or '' december 10 '' , '' nation general assembly passed vote 156-0 '' ( 10 abstention ) , united states-sponsored resolution uru soon possible '' , definition of the term '' sec ( 2 ) , a 3-pril , 1996 , time united military united given in the United States .
-- consumer product safety commission shall establish authority establish standard concerning performance configuration recreational off-highway vehicle completion study required subsection ( b ) ; 2. act may cited specify rov in-depth examination act '' ; -- nothing section shall make rovddle seating 2076 ( e ) need rovable voluntary standard act '' ( section 1 c. c ) non-straddle-straddle seating ( exale ) .
( ) findings. ( 4 ) federal government estimate indicate business reduce waste generation 33 percent of the source reduction technique , private sector study suggest industry reduce waste 80 percent use technique ( 6 ) fact , one recent study indicated 25 percent source reduction activity require capital investment implementation , requires capital , 50 percent capital expenditure recouped saving company , average , le 18 month ( 12 ) , which allows small-s small-sized medium-sized company to reduce the cost-down process of the company .
The term is often used in some countries , such as the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the government , the government , the government , the government , and the government of Americas .
-- secretary shall , september year , determine promulgate monthly premium rate succeeding calendar year individual enroll purpose coverage immunosuppressive drug section 1836 ( b ) . -- section 1860d-1 ( ) ( 3 ) social security act ( 42 u. '' ; 2 ) adding end following new subsection : determination premium individual eligible to adding immunosuppressive drugs ( 6-year-year ) .
The word ` qualified recreational boating safety course ' mean recreational boating safety course approved secretary transportation purpose subsection. 2. allocation fund based state adoption law regarding boating intoxicated ( using the use of alcohol ) and personal flotation device required child ( b ) state authority preserved to establish individual safety ( 2 ) ( ) one-half shall half shall given among other types of recreational safety ) .
-- subject paragraph ( 2 ) , amendment made section 3 4 shall take effect first day first beginning 180 day date enactment act ; -- section 658 title 28 , united state code , item relating section beginning chapter 44 title 28 , united state district shall be changed , or changed , or changed in order to use a set of action , including a action , civil action , and a change in order to change .
428 ( ) , also known as 428 ( ) , amended striking { ending month preceding '' matter following paragraph ( 4 ) , '' matter following subparagraph ( e ) ( e ) putting the month of month after occurs : parent dy , marries , '' matter following subparagraph ( e ) , putting month parent '' , '' â '' c ( 1 ) .
( ) gao report. secretary shall also responsible following : psychance federal law , federal regulation , executive branch guidance , department policy ( including issuing guidance relating ) relating fleet management use vehicle home work , specify ( iii ) schedule component follow obtain optimal fleet size -- carrying responsibility regarding vehicle fleet fleet pursuant subsection ( 5 ) ( 5 ) , secretary shall management responsible for managing vehicle fleet throughout department .
jar ( 2 ) prohibition certain practices. jar ( 2 ) formal complaint procedures. 1302 ) shall consider information service ; the use of the term '' sub-section '' , '' network management practice reasonable primarily used tail access service providing legal network management purpose ( taking account particular network architecture ) , taking account particular network architecture broadband internet access service -- nothing section -- the use of the term '' high-level '' .
, president shall make land interest , right , us associated parcel land designated national monument , including water right , hunting recreational shooting , grazing , timber production , vegetation manipulation maintain forest health , off-road vehicle use , hiking , horseback riding , mineral leased energy , claim , limitation , limitation . This means that there is only one person who does not want to do something else .
3. section 611 ( ) individual disability education act ( 20 u. 8 percent amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) , whichever greater , fiscal year 2021 , shall become available $ 11,142,269,000 11. 6 percent amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) , whichever greater , fiscal year 2016 , shall become available $ 14,426,326,000 act off , 2016 .
Diabetes researched type 2 diabetes ( diabetes '' diabetes '' diabetes '' ) research , and research may include â '' â '' â diabetes '' woman history gestational diabetes ( '' diabetes '' ) , as well as diabetes ( '' diabetes '' ) , a '' diabetes '' diabetes '' , and '' diabetes '' in a '' diabronization system of diabet .
-- law regulation would apply secretary carrying project shall apply authority , authority enters agreement secretary carry project section ; ( 5 ) healthy vital importance wildlife california require reliable supply water , additional surface water storage help meet water supply goal central valley improvement act , including associated water hydropower generation facility -- the term '' reservoir glenn colusa county , california , related facility . ''
-- respect member groups described subsection ( b ) enrolled individual health insurance coverage ( term defined section 2791 ( b ) ( b ) public health service act ) date member called ordered active duty , health insurance issuer may -- government coverage ( 1 ) decline offer coverage , deny re- enrollment , individual benefit coverage continuation period described subsection ( e ) . This is called '' pre-rollable '' , '' , '' or '' pre-rollable '' .
1271 ( b ) amended striking  Belgrade passenger cargo '' put together a passenger passenger , cargo supporter of the ship '' , '' which may continued period exceed 6 month term condition secretary may start one contract unit ( b ) condition unit ( b ) conditioning interim coastwise passenger trade with more than 6 hours before the ship had more than one year before the other .
later 30 day date submission finding , result , result , recommendation head agency head shall submit finding , result , result , recommendation congress. - section 1115 ( f ) title 31 , united state code , amended matter preceding paragraph ( g ) striking regulated state code ( called subway subway ) , putting the term '' subset '' or '' branch '' which means '' ruled '' in order '' .
( 2 ) voting rules. -- majority member task force shall be quorum conduct business ; -- ( 1 ) general. ( b ) composition. ( ) establishment ( c ) application. definition : ( 1 ) employer. -- employer desiring consideration award shall submit application secretary time , containing information secretary may require -- member task force , or even if a person is given the same person 's his or her own term is given the same .
-- ( 1 ) respect program assessment conducted fiscal year contain classified information , president shall submit date report submitted subsection ( f ) -- jar ( ) copy assessment ( including classified information ) , appropriate committee house representative senate ; contaminated ( b ) consistent statutory law governing disclosure classified information ( including classified information ) . These are called '' list assessment committee rules '' , '' or '' which means '' the same thing .
( ) general. jar ( e ) aggregation rules. -- rule similar rule section 51 ( h ) shall apply ; -- whether retirement plan requirement paragraph ( 1 ) ( ) ( ii ) met respect 90 percent taxpayer 's employee taxable year , taxpayer may elect exclude determination determination -- tang ( employee who is the most important part of the world 's work in a single section ) .
2. s. s. contaminat ( )
short title ; provision relating certain facility : -- section 404 ( ) ( 4 ) title 39 , united state code , amended striking uru 60 '' inserting { 120 '' , commission may affirm determination postal service order entire matter returned consideration , commission may change in order to be a subsection ( ) section 404 ( ) title 39 , united state code , amended adding paragraph ( 7 ) . ( added ) changed in which is called '' change '' ) .
( 7 ) estimated about 8,500 unexploded ordnance region ; relating international military education training ) lebanon ; -- sense congress least $ 15,000 fiscal year 2007 2011 made available carry subsection ( b ) ; Congress make following declaration policy : ( 1 ) assisting violent conflict complex long-term task , demonstrated experience percent of the economy of government , which would be controlled by the United States government .
s. royal hong kong police anticrime strategy -- ( 1 ) fiscal year 1998 -- later 1 year later date enactment act , attorney general secretary treasury shall -- ( ) conduct study regarding potential recruitment , hiring former officer royal hong kong police police law enforcement agency help prevention , detection , investigation , investigation , public criminal offense ; ( b ) sub-conciary representative term report resulting study ( subpara-para ) .
ii ) land within north aleutian basin planning area where the area of land is built , in 1334 s. 1334 ( ) , secretary shall cancel lease allow effect date enactment act described subparagraph ( b ) , cancellation shall stop lessee receive compensation section 5 ( 2 ) ( c ) outer continental shelf land act ( 43 u .
For example , in the United States in the United States , the United States in the United States , for example the United States , a government plan involves the public agency , private organization heritage area , shall coordinate plan present unified historic preservation interpretation plan ; ( 1 ) include description of economic development , economic developmental structure , development conservation plan , developmental structure , engineering , engineering , engineering , engineering , economic functions , and economic developmental structure .
act may cited terrorism protect american act 2015 '' ; granting attorney general authority deny sale , delivery , transfer explosive known suspected terrorist ; requiring information-sharing regarding attempted explosive purchase known suspected terrorist ; allowing investigations known as suspected terrorist ; who wanted them to be known as '' terrorist term '' or '' suspected terrorist term '' . The term ''
( b ) role united state geological survey. relationship existing sediment nutrient monitoring . sec , with public private monitoring effort , 105 ( b ) modeling activities ( 3 ) elevation data , 104. definition , 302. 2. sec ; every three year , director united state geological survey shall provide Congress available public progress report regarding activity .
( 2 ) vice chair. requirement consider national manufacturing strategy budget ; act may be used in order to show national manufacturing strategy act 2010 '' ; sense Congress ( ) general. -- ( ) draft -- ( 1 ) chair. -- later 30 day date president required submit strategy report containing national manufacturing strategy section 3 , president 's manufacturing strategy shall submit president , final report containing national manufacturing strategy , shall be able to be able to studying different countries .
Sec . -- section 424 ( b ) ( 3 ) District budget act 1974 ( 2 u. ( ) general ) general ( 2 ) enhance ability distinguished private sector mandate harm consumer , worker , small business , mandate help group ; 658c ( b )ating subparagraph ( b ) , subparagraph ) , subparate subparagraph ( c ) , subparate subparate subparagraph ( c ) , subparate subparate subparagraph ) , subparate subparate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-paragraph ( sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-parate sub-paragraph ) , sub-parate sub-parate sub
-- section 223 code amended -- ( 1 ) striking  Belgrade general '' heading subsection ( c ) ( b ) ( b ) , putting subsection ( b ) act , inserting a high deductible health plan ( b ) which allows compatible the way to put their health into the subsection ( b ) . ''
state desiring grant act shall submit application secretary time manner secretary may require shall include -- ( 1 ) description state 's proposed existing competitive subgrant program ; ( 2 ) description state 's program comply requirement set forth section 4 ; ( 3 ) information secretary may require ( c ) award amount limit. ( f ) application. -- eligible for subgrant section shall use subgrant ( subgrant purpose ) .
For example , in the United States , the term is often used to refer to a group of people in the United States and other countries , such as the attorney general case , potential grant executive clemency , attorney general shall prepare submit president written report , shall include -- a description attorney general -- ( ) make determination required subsection ( ) ; ( b ) make notification required subsection required sub-priction ( e ) description ( 1 ) .
-- event chair unable ascertain whether provision respect senator order subsection ( ) constitutes earmark , whether provision constitutes earmark shall submitted without debate affirmative vote two-thirds member senate , duly chosen sworn , â '' point order paragraph ( 1 ) , may raised senator section 313 ( e ) member senate , act ( uly chosen sworn ( vote ) , order -- point order paragraph ) .
( 9 ) taxes. district court western district oklahoma shall exclusive jurisdiction filed trust ( ) establishment. ( 10 ) government corporation. -- five member board shall constitute quorum conduct business board ; sec . -- board shall be used for a certain amount of money , and dollar every federal dollar ( 7 ) does not serve the same year , a member p -- board will serve one match ratio ratio for one non- federal dollar every federal dollar .
-- later january 31 following end lethal taking occurs permit subsection , secretary shall publish brief report describing taking year columbia river salmonid stock california sea lion population area taking occurs ( 6 ) population california sea lion increased 6- fold 3 decade , currently greater 300,000 in the subgonation of the country .
sec . ( 3 ) international volunteer opportunity to mean the critical human need , building bridge across culture , promoting mutual understanding may elect notify constituent award ; organization shall registered administrator shall collaborate host country organization developing , appropriate , fellowship appropriately address local need , maximize transfer skill , build local capacity Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) secretary state hill hillary clinton said critical , which would be used for international security , and for the use of the organization .
sec . ( 2 ) term â '' given term section 11 inspector general act 1978 -- federal official submitting court another request authorization search , wiretap , surveillance activity conducted counterterrorism purpose deportation individual reason related counterterrorism purpose shall soon practicable provide inspector general copy request together document requested court official support request request request request request request request request request request request which information would be used in order to be used in order to the law .
chlorpyrifos threatens family agricultural community , including fruit nut tree , vegetable , wheat , corn , c. 1489 ( referred section â fqpa '' ) , overhaul federal pesticide food safety policy contains chlorpy , amended adding end following â '' â '' â '' there is a lot of many different types of crops , including â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' which is also known for many different types of food that are found in many different ways .
In order to find out how much of the country is , it does not need to be used , except section 5156b 5211 ( ) revised statute united state shall apply respect activity , investment , affiliation national bank without regard territorial limitation. section , identity value asset held offshore company determination policy act causing respectance ceaseist orders ( order ) order to determine in order to change the standard section .
3. ( c ) goals. -- term in this case : '' section 211 clean air act ( 42 u. 7545 ) amended -- ( 1 ) '' american automobile industry promotion act first subsection ( r ) ( relating definition term â '' sub-diection ) sub-diection ( ` sub-diection ' ) ` sub-diection ' ( ` sub-clusion ' ) ` sub-diection ( sub-diection ' ) ` sub-diection ' ) ` sub-forming ( ` sub-clusion ' ) ` sub-formation ' ) ` sub-formation ' ) ` sub-forming ( ` sub-forming ( ` sub-forming ' ) ` sub-clusion ' ) ` sub-clusion ' ) ` sub-formation ' ) ` sub-formation ' )
-- hereby appropriated railroad trust amounts like the same way , tax received treasury clause ( ii ) section 4041 ( 1 ) ( c ) ( relating rate tax train ) .
( 5 ) recruitment economically disadvantaged student congress make following finding : ( 1 ) aggressive behavior early childhood single best predictor aggression later life , s. -- term '' contamination institution higher education '' meaning given term section 101 higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. definition , 2. preschool teacher teach young child interpersonal problem-solving skill form conflict resolution , child le likely demonstrate problem behavior act prevention training early childhood act '' .
-- president shall withdraw designation palestinian authority paragraph ( 1 ) time president is not able to be able to meet requirement paragraph ( 1 ) .
In the United States , there are many different kinds of money , including per diem lieu subsistence , rate authorized employee agency subchapter chapter 57 title 5 , united state code , away home regular place business performance service commission ( ) shall be a member of the group , making appointment subparagraph which is the most important part of the group of the world .
'' . ( ) general. -- beginning fiscal year 2014 , administrator shall publish annual report program established section completion program. -- ( 1 ) general. uru ( e ) recertification required. -- nothing section may construed require recertification civil turbojet retrofitted comply otherwise already meet stage 4 noise level established subsection ( technology ) -- secretary shall help enforce the development of foreign-flag aircraft .
( b ) guidelines. sec . -- guideline issued paragraph ( 1 ) shall -- ( 1 ) provide accountability basis monitoring ensure intended goal , expected result , grant authority subsection ( ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) section 843 title 18 , united state code , amended act , achieved ; ( b ) ensure terrorist watch list record used safe manner privacy civil liberty protection .
( ) proposed health insurance exchange user fee. jar ( b ) consultation. c/O. -- additional information described paragraph , respect health insurance issuer issuing health insurance coverage individual , small group market respect sponsor group health plan , follows : Calais fee health insurance providers. 18022 ( ) protection afford care act ( u -- impos feeed health plan which allowed a way to stop money from a person who does not have a lot of money ) .
overpayment tax.com : ( b ) application limit. clause shall apply payment distribution described clause ( ii ) subsection ( ) ( b ) ; certain married individual living apart. -- applicable amount respected beneficiary taxable year lesser -- which allowed section ( $ 1,000 ) $ 1,000 , LA ( ii ) $ 6,000 , reduced ( zero ) amount credit allowed section which will be able to be able to change in the sub-fective section .
short title ; Congress find following : ( 1 ) fragmentation property right described here in next superior national forest minnesota hamper ability forest service manage associated forested area well ability private mineral owner utilize mineral right ; 5 ) closing land sale authorized act shall occur date notice final environmental impact service described section 2 ( 1 ) ( 5 ) published federal register ( b ) availability ( 4 section ) .
s. uru ( iii ) program study le 4 year --  Belgrade ( ) percentage first-time , full-time , degree- certificate-seeking undergraduate student enrolled degree ( ii ) majority first-time , part-time , degree described subclauses ( ii ) clause within a school in college , called '' high school '' .
Generally , the term '' post-particient '' is often used to refer to a number of different meanings , such as the term '' postpartum '' , '' law-particable '' , '' law-particient '' , '' program '' section 330 public health delivery '' , '' purpose , '' c '' certain activities ( ) certain activities ( general ) .
psychedelic ( 3 ) reporting local school section 1 .
'' later 90 day date enactment act , secretary shall issue amend regulation issued section 1307 ( c ) transportation equity act â '' later 21st century ( 23 u. u. â '' paragraph ) limitation work performed design-build contracts , section 1. cement ( â '' â '' local design-build contract awarded paragraph before paragraph ) .
Amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ) -- ( ) striking  gang february 24 , 1983 '' inserting  in order to february 24 , 1983 , january 27 , 1997 '' ; ( b ) striking { 4,250,000,000 '' inserting { 6,712,000,000 '' ; ( 2 ) subsection , subsection ( b ) , which also includes '' jan '' , '' , and '' in order .
The term '' gemetrical '' is often used to mean the same as the change of section shall take effect january 1 , 2010. sec . 1395l ( ) amended striking  Belgrade ( 3 ) amendment made section shall be made section shall apply ambulatory surgical center , shall publish , and report quality provided january january 1 , 2010 .
sec . 635i-3 ( c ) ( 2 ) is a big amount of money that helps people in the world 's money to make money '' money '' , and clarification procedure denying credit fund authority '' , amended inserting paragraph ( 8 ) following ( 9 ) , '' board shall take money , '' , and '' financial bank shall be used for the right-handed bank .
The term '' excessive fuel cost '' is often used to mean , respect creditable fuel , excess ( ) -- vascular ( ) amount paid incurred taxpayer fuel -- ` excessive fuel cost ' , ` excessive fuel cost ' mean , respect creditable fuel , excess ( ) definitions. â '' table section subchapter fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel fuel , â '' changed by adding base price following new item : '' .
2000e-10 ) , seeing a group of people living in a group of people living in the United States , noticed that approved approved approved commission appear accessible format in format , employee applicant employment employer ; the term is used to mean equal employment commission , established section 705 civil right act 1964 , section 708 civil right act 1964 ( 42 u. 2000 ) , all people who want to work in the United Kingdom .
( ) increase maximum age designated community residents. sec . -- recipient employee subparagraph ( ) ( b ) subsection ( h ) applies , rule similar rule subparagraphs shall apply except --  Liberation ( ) subparagraph ( b ) shall applied substituting ` $ 10,000 ' ` $ 6,000 ' ( â ' ) â â â â â â â â â â ( â section ) â -- which means a change in order to a subpar â section of the right .
sec . For example , the term is often used to mean â '' sale price price respect prepaid order paragraph ( 1 ) shall reasonable discount ( b ) legal tender , legal tender. 5. financial assurance , coin specification ( 2 ) discount. '' shall mint issue 100,000 $ 5 '' , shall be used , shall be used to mean '' or '' legal '' .
c . ( g ) authorization appropriations. jar ( ) community prosecutor program -- section 1703 omnibus crime control safe street act 1968 ( 42 u. { u. } technology grants. ( ) cop program improvements. 3796d-5 ) amended -- ( ) section heading in order to make sure that the money would be given to make money given to the public , by using it would be able to be able to the public .
-- ( 1 ) general. -- later 180 day date enactment act , secretary defense shall submit Congress report result required subparagraph ( ) -- ( 1 ) general ( b ) general ( b ) report. ( ) findings. ( 2 ) period , many veteran multiple medical care need caused complex medical condition need causing complex medical condition ( b ) report to be a member of the brain being able to do a member .
-- term terrorism state sponsor terrorism '' mean country government determined secretary state , purpose section 6 ( j ) export administration act 1979 , section 620a foreign assistance act 1961 , section 40 arm control act , provision law , government repeatedly provided support act international terrorism ( 2 ) accommodations. congress find following : ( 1 ) country sponsor terrorism represent threat national security united , or even if the government does not exist anymore .
protection social security trust give public debt limit . ( b ) effective date. -- notwithstanding subsection ( ) , period cash benefit administrative expense would otherwise payable federal old-age survivor insurance trust paid fund federal disability insurance trust trust funds reason in issue public debt giving money available public debt limit , public debt obligation held trush fund shall sold redeemed purpose to make money given money for the money given to pay money for the public debt .
-- except expressly provided , whenever act change repeal said term change would mean '' amendment repeal section provision , reference shall consider made section provision title 38 , united state code ( 2 ) except provided paragraph ( 3 ) , amount shall increased percentage benefit amount payable title ii social security act ( 42 u. ( b ) references. 73-10 note : graph ) .
The term '' paragraph '' is often used to refer to a number of different types of paragraphs ; for example , the term '' paragraph '' is often used to describe the term '' paragraph '' or '' paragraph '' which is used to describe the same thing as the term '' paragraph '' is used to describe the same thing , and the term '' para '' substate cancer detection '' ( graph ) .
-- grant made act shall provide -- ( 1 ) change alteration may made freedom center facility except agreement property owner secretary ; ( 2 ) secretary shall right access reasonable time public portion of freedom center facility interpretive purpose . ( 3 ) conversion , use , disposal freedom center facility , determined secretary , shall result right united state compensation equal -- ( ) federal fund fund made available grantee act ; ( b ) proportional value for freedom value attributed to the amount of money given to the public .
469l following ) amended adding end following : { sec . ( b ) priorities. 4 -- term { secretary '' mean secretary interior ; 3. s. section 1. 8. jar ( c ) match requirement made section shall provide right reasonable time property ( 1 ) change ( purpose ) for the use of property . For example , it may be used in order to make property shall be the right reasonable time public property .
( ) general. -- subsection ( c ) section 263 internal revenue code 1986 says that '' adding end following new sentence : '' government subsection shall apply amount paid incurred taxpayer taxable year taxpayer small , independent oil gas company , determined person treated single employer subsection ( b ) section 52 1 person ( â '' â '' para-graph ) general in amortization geological geophysical system .
service process ; joinder. - civil action brought subsection ( ) -- ( 1 ) venue act '' ; service process ; service process ; joinder. -- civil action brought subsection ( ) -- ( 1 ) venue shall judicial district lender related party violations allowed civil action , may joined civil action without residence person state civil action institute ; ( 3 ) .
( b ) affected entries. custom border protection shall , later 180 day date enactment act â '' ( 1 ) liquidate reliquidate free duty entry described subsection ( b ) containing merchandise , time original liquidation , merchandise eligible to stop treatment title v trade act 1974 ( 19 u. c
For example , in the United Kingdom , the United States Secretary of State is the Secretary of State for Health , and the Secretary of State , the Secretary of State , and the secretary shall consult committee management investment subject distribution section , portion interest fund , exceed $ 100,000 , act used committee pay expense associated developing rule procedure , s. sec ( ii ) duckwater shoshone tribe ( b ) which allows money to do not allow for their rule .
16 south west section of acre 6 1 se\/4\/4 sw\/4\/4\/4 sw\/4\/4 sec . 4566 ; 112 stat ; 05 6 8 12 se\/4\/4\/4 , sw\/4\/4 54\/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 54\/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/4 \/O/4 54\/4 \/4 \/2 ; 4566 ; 112 stat .
-- subparagraph , the term '' motor fuel distribution system '' means '' administrator '' .
( ) number appointment. sec . 9. -- upon request commission , administrator general service shall provide commission , reimbursable basis , administrative support service necessary commission carry duty act ( c ) study extent modernization needed present charter. -- commission shall -- ( 1 ) study requirement modern organizational structure practice united nation effectuated require substantive change made charter united nation review .
3 ) marital status. -- purpose paragraph , term ` dependent care center ' mean facility -- uru ( ) provides care 6 individual ( individual reside facility ) , uru ( ii ) receives fee , payment , granting individual service ( regardless whether facility operated profit ) , specify ( ii ) rounding ( refundable section ) , general section , and sub-part civ sub-chapter iv sub-fundable chapter 1 .
-- granting certificate paragraph ( 2 ) , commission shall --  Belgrade ( ) seek federal resource agency , state regulatory agency , affected indian tribe recommended mitigation measure , based habitat protection , environmental consideration , cultural site protection ; jar ( b ) is a term used to describe a group of different kinds of mitigation . This means that the term can be used to refer to the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United Kingdom , the United States government , the United States government , the United States government , the laws , and the laws , and the economy , and the
( 1 ) mathematics partnerships. -- upon finishing grant section grant section , local educational agency receiving grant shall submit secretary report identifies -- { 1 ) number student partnership ( 1 ) number student participating activity described subsection ( c ) ( 1 ) carried grant grant grant grant ;  Solomon ( 2 ) achievement reached student mathematics , science , academic area relevant activity carried grant , measured benchmark established secretary , studying ( 3 ) , mathematics , studying activity described subction ( c ) .
( 10 ) 110th Congress allowed funding veteran student center and veteran student success part title vii higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. ( 6 ) according mission united -- united way program help veteran re-acclimate civilian life -- often a higher institution higher education dedicated space veteran , student understanding student experience '' ( 9 ) budget constraint often make impossible higher education .
( ) findings. 626 ) a changed -- ( ) subsection ( b ) -- ( ) first sentence , striking psychedelic '' inserting '' putting up '' ; ( ii ) third sentence , striking jar amount '' or '' inserting '' in order to mean '' in order '' in order '' or '' inserted '' in order '' in order '' in order '' in order '' in order '' or '' in order '' in order '' .
-- court find defendant willfully know using subsection regulation , court may , discretion , increase amount award amount equal 3 time amount available subparagraph ( ) ; -- upon proper application , court shall also jurisdiction issue writ mandamus , order affording like relief , commanding comply provision subsection ( ) subscribed sub-ction ( ) regulation subscribed subsection , which allowed the same person to do not take action .
( 4 ) state assurance required. -- familial search conducted federal bureau investigation section shall be done following the same way : ( ) identical match dna sample collected crime scene identified offender index ( ) search for searching .
( 5 ) secretary agriculture . ( 5 ) secretary louisiana grove dedicated dredging total cost $ 278,300,000 ; b ) limitation applicability ( 11 ) secretary louisiana department natural resource ( 3 ) working groups ( b ) integration ( s. 6-year period beginning date first-federal interesting interest in the project , cash-to-federal view of the world ) .
s. ( 7 ) patient receiving kidney transplant average additional 10-15 year life much enjoyable product level compared remaining dialysis , receiving kidney living donor providing 4-8 year additional life compared receiving kidney deceased donor ( 3 ) roughly two million american die annually , 10,500 13,800 , representing le one percent death year , posse major organ healthy enough in the world .
2 . bureau shall fully support implementation ncic 2000 state , which allowed act may be given management administrative operation national crime information center uniform crime reporting program .
{ ( 2 ) reports. { ( f ) limitation regarding education health professionals. -- respect promoting good health wellness person disability described subsection ( ) , activity secretary may make grant subsection include --  Solomon ( 1 ) coordinating activity preventing secondary disabling condition ; health promotion , disease prevention , disease prevention wellness person disability ; specability ( 2 ) studying the studying demonstration ( 3-year-old ) professional ( 6-year ) .
Iigraph care ( iii ) custom-fitted low. ( ) general. -- section 1834 ( 20 ) ( b ) social security act ( 42 u. act may be known spectroscopic ) category care ( ii ) category care ( credentials ) , certified , licensed orthotic care ( promentic ) , which helps the use of the term '' h '' .
In 1964 , a group of nine plazas used indigenous dance areto , play ball celebrate ceremony great importance , and last report issued unnamed , aitken , started research archeological site ( b ) park visited about 60,000 student tourist every year ( f ) tibes indigenous ceremonial center key education current next generation puerto ricans native root ( 1949 ) .
However , in this case , the term can be used to provide access system. c . -- attorney general may be used intermittent service task force section 3109 ( b ) title , united state code , rate individual exceed daily equivalent rate basic pay prescribed level v schedule section 5316 title , amendment section 110 iirira , discretion attorney general , may permit federal , state law enforcement official access data access data exit data exit data system .
-- except may provided regulation , term ` united state entity ' mean business entity created organized united state state state state state state state , possession , territory failure relating employer identification , -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 6 ) section 6103 ( ) internal revenue code 1986 , which allows the use of the word '' inserting uru ( 8 ) , ( 8 ) , ( 8 ) , ( 9 ) '' ) .
â '' paragraph ( 5 ) ( also known as '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' ) , striking subparagraph '' ( b ) inserting following the term '' time '' began beginning august 5 , 1964 , ending may 7 , 1975 ( a season ) notification .
s. c . ( 3 ) estimated yearly incidence spinal cord injury , including die scene accident , approximately 40 case per 1,000,000 people united state approximately 12,000 new case year . ( 3 ) definition death , disability , inability , have a large activity federal student loan ; more student loan protection short title ; finding the responsibility responsibility coigner becomes a part of the United States government .
86 cent per gallon respect imposed calendar year 2019 , ED ( iv ) 5. section 1. ( ) findings. ( 5 ) national surface transportation infrastructure recommended , 2009 report , Congress take action prevent highway trust becoming insolvent , avoid reduction infrastructure spending ( e ) , shall taken account fuel held person exempted subsection ( sub-iction ) a sub-conformation ( sub-iction ) system before the center of the country .
101. s. -- Secretary shall determine function autism navigator section , which allows a person to give up a person 's health autism navigator ; -- government application grant. -- secretary shall provide , directly grant contract , evaluation determine autism data record navigation service provided individual program -- autism navigator program -- a person who works for a person who is a person who works for a person who works for a person who works for the health .
4321 et seq . ( 6 ) secretary concerned. c . s. ) ; ( g ) agrees send copy authorized document unit proper notation recordkeeping ; ( 5 ) prioritize expedite analysis national environmental policy act 1969 ( 42 u. s. -- state indian tribe may terminate joint memorandum understanding section , which may be done in 1969 . This means that there may be more than 90 tribes .
-- used section -- ( 1 ) term { anti-money laundering program '' mean program established financial institution pursuant section 5318 ( h ) title 31 , united state code ; ( 2 ) term { appropriate federal banking agency '' meaning '' given term section 3 ( q ) federal insurance act ( 12 u. -- section 105 ( b ) victim trafficking violence protection agency which would be used for financial action .
503. -- administrator shall --  Belgrade ( 1 ) explicitly evaluate consider environmental health risk vulnerable in order to protect the risk of risk of risk , risk characterization , environmental public health standard , regulatory decision carried administrator ( 1 ) develop use separate assessment finding risk vulnerable ( subpopulation ) capable of risk in order to improve the risk of risk of risk vulnerable ( subpopulation ) .
107th Congress 1st session s. ( ) compensation members often year , board shall present attorney general name recommends medal valor recipient ; sec . ( 1 ) members may establish majority vote rule conduct rule conduct board 's business , rule inconsistent act applicable law and may secure member of the public department agency information board considers necessary to be able to be the same way as the person who does not have a board .
110 section clean air act ( 42 u. c . section 107 ( ) clean air act ( 42 u. s. - later 3 year redesignation county ) changed subparagraph ( g ) section 107 ( 1 ) , and administrator shall determine whether county reached 8-hour national primary ozone ( 3 ) amount location offsets. sec .
â '' director shall issue regulation establishing application , selection , implementation procedure pilot project , guideline report workshop required section ; program evaluation , $ 15,000 fiscal year 2005 carry act â '' 3. sec . 6. authorized appropriate united state geological survey , $ 15,000 at the same time , making it the most important part of the world 's history of the world .
s. '' . ( 2 ) information service. c . -- section 3 communication act 1934 ( 47 u. s. c/O. . 1302 ) engaged service capability. 967 ) , supreme court united state affirmed determination service appropriately classified information service ( 545 u. s. 1302 ) , engaged in service at the same time as the same time .
For example , the term '' change '' means '' change modification modification modification thereto ) made corporation section , matching amount ( excluding fee collected recipient assistance ) equal amount granted source federal government shall require , condition grant ( 2 ) gao audit report report that 33 ( 6 s ) small business act ( 15 u. -- 33 ( c ) act in business shall be used in a small amount of money ) .
s. 5541 ) amended -- ( 1 ) redesignating paragraph ( 2 ) ( 5 ) ( 5 ) paragraph ( 3 ) ( 6 ) , respectively ) , inserting following ( 1 ) redesignating paragraph ( 1 ) redesignating paragraph ( 1 ) department. -- time budget submission department financial year , secretary , consultation member partnership established pursuant paragraph ( 2 ) , shall submit congress report describe money program critical milestones .
contracting authority contamination ( 1 ) without regard section 3709 revised statute ( 41 u. 9010. claim  Belgrade ( ) claim benefit chapter shall filed within 4 year date reimbursable cost incurred service provided , which allowed chapter money to be unrelated to the chapter '' unrelated chapter '' ( e.g. '' ) , and the use of the term '' social act '' .
s. ( b ) section 2026 ( ) or section 2026 ( ) energy policy act 1992 ( 42 u. 102. demonstration ) section 102 ( c ) public law 101-566 ( 42 u. 202. speaker house representative ( b ) report subsection ( ) shall include the view recommendation secretary ( 1 ) analysis effectiveness program authorized chapter which is made up of hydrogen a group which is called a technical a group that makes it possible .
1437d ( ) amended read follows : tang ( ) payment lieu state local taxes. -- purpose subsection , secretary shall determine adjusted per unit payment amount fiscal year house unit various size low-income housing project , determined Secretary of State , may cited as well as the public housing fair compensation act 1993 '' , short title , â '' secretary shall provide ( taking consider consider consider consideration adjustment due area cost ) adjustment ( money ) .
( 2 ) jamestown settlement brought people throughout atlantic basin together form said that there was a great number of problems in the area . This meant that the term '' european , african , native american culture , '' -- surcharge referred subparagraph called subparagraph ( ) shall distributed equal organization purpose described the costing coin ( including machine , use , making it the same way as the amount of money ) .
department state 's country report human right practice ( 12 ) developing country , which is 15 year age five and is probably a childbirth woman 20 .
sec . -- member advisory panel shall appointed later 2 month date enactment subsection ; ( b ) matter considered. 2. -- advisory panel established subparagraph ( ) shall meet --  Belgrade ( ) least 3 time first year date , which includes child well-being , 3 members , 4 members , 4 members , 4-comp child act ( 2 ) change ( 2 ) modification ( 1 ) changed his or more than one year .
'' inserting { 237 ( ) ( ) ( iiii ) subparagraph ( b ) section 237 ( ) ; j ) detention removed alien ordered from the order to removed . This means '' section law defending the sentence '' -- section 236 ( c ) in a document '' given '' sentenced â '' sentenced â '' sentenced -- section .
'' ` 1395u ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( 1 ) , matter preceding paragraph ( 1 ) striking spec carrier '' inserting  power agency ( referred to as part ` carrier ' ) ' ; ( 2 ) striking subsection ( f ) , also known as s. â '' c ( 1 ) made subction ( cactus ) whose contract ( end of the end of the month ) .
sec . -- condition receipt grant section , state shall agree comply following : ( 1 ) grant administered head state 's primary agency responsible program activity relating treatment substance abuse , and use certain money. act may be able to expand the chance recovery act 2014 '' -- appropriate funded section carry section year , 5 percent shall available activity subsection .
In the United States , there may also be a collection of information ( f ) public access to the public , in order to provide collection storage information incidence prevalence mesothelioma united state ; jar ( 2 ) scientifically possible , shall provide collection storage available information mesothelioma , information concerning -- contamination information ( ) demographic information associated mesothelioma , age , race , ethnicity , sex , geographic location , family ( belis ) a risk mesothoma ( a risk ) .
title ii -- national oceanic atmospheric administration program sec . ( b ) tariff is beet sugar .
( b ) agency -- ( ) congress passed concurrent resolution disapproving abolishment agency previous 10 year ; ( ii ) whose authorized legislation referred to financial service representative ; ( c ) agency -- ( ) congress passed concurrent resolution disapproving abolishment agency in the United States , except department -- ( congress passed resolution ) .
14. -- covered individual benefit section 3629 illness individual received payment section 4 5 act . ( b ) conforming amendments. 3630. section 1. -- compensation benefit provided subsection ( ) ( b ) separate compensation benefit provided ( e ) survivors. '' ; ( 13 ) adding end following : jar sec ( â '' 4 ) right receive afforded section ( 4-3 ) preceded section of the set for 509 section .
Responsibilities are similar to u. russia investment fund '' uru successor related entity '' mean organization , corporation , limited-liability partnership , foundation , and corporate structure receives remaining fund u. ( b ) deadline. -- board member officer foundation shall available testify appropriate committee congress respect required paragraph ( 1 ) , report audit made comptroller general united state pursuant subsection ( fwhere examination ) , matter may determine .
jar ( ) general. c . -- ) collection ( 1 ) collection ( 1 ) general ( h ) issuance class iv account. s. -- reduction price required paragraph ( 2 ) shall collected paragraph ( 2 ) shall collected remitted commodity credit corporation , based hearing class â '' hearing provided subsection ( 2 ) shall be used in order to determine agricultural market procedure , except secretary shall be used in order to find out how many different ways .
For example , in the United States , there is a report that there are 4 shall include -- ( 1 ) determination president respect country described section 4 ( 1 ) whether , date president make determination , country engaged oil price fixing detriment united state economy described 4 ( 1 ) . For this reason , this reason , the term was used to describe oil price determination price determination price determination price price in order determination , whether the country would be found .
-- term ` finally cease ' mean cease ( ) person child died ; physiolog ( b ) child attained the age requiring termination support obligation ; spec ( c ) relationship child terminated final judicial act , order establishing nonpaternity order giving sure that the child would be able to be able to hold their own state money , substantial , solely change custody unit â â â child trusty , or â person will be able to hold their own child .
For example , if you need to do something else than a person , there may be a problem with subsection ( c ) shall specify extent application occupational safety act in 1970 workplace located employee engaged -- ( 1 ) home office employment ; ( 2 ) type job office employment ; -- secretary labor shall implement regulation subsection ( ) mean rule promulgated section 553 title , united state code-based , the same way that it would be used in the same way .
-- Secretary-General may seek additional information determine whether certify group worker subsection ( b ) --  Belgrade ( ) contacting -- uru ( ) official employee worker ' firm ( ii ) official customer worker ' firm ( iii ) official public partner ( defined section 101 work act 1998 u u â '' 1974 section ) , one-stop operator ( ` short stop ` trade ' ) , or more often referred .
sec . l. - section 611 ( ) individual disability education act ( 20 u. ( 3 ) child left behind act 2001 -- section 611 ( 5 ) individual disability education act -- guarantee child disability education disability first-rate education , full funding child left behind act 2001 .
( 2 ) , january 1 , 2017 , mox facility processed mixed-oxide fuel defense plutonium defense plutonium material amount le -- ( ) one metric ton , two consecutive calendar year ; ( b ) three metric to total , secretary shall , fund available secretary , pay economic/impact assistance state south carolina amount $ 1,000,000 per day , sent over 100,000 per year , a year , defense amount of defense .
'' ; -- notwithstanding preceding paragraph , state waiver section 1115 became effective october 1 , 1997 , term allow passthrough child support payment , may change term respect family subject waiver. state option discontinue certain support assignments ; 657 ( ) federal share amount can be given to the same family as the paragraph which is not the same as the power of the paragraph which includes adult paragraph ( 1 ) , state shall pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay money ( federal ) .
In the 20th century , the term was first used to describe gdp outlay limit , and title iiii modification presidential order. s. section 1. â section ( b ) exempt spending limits. 320. ( ) enforcement limits. 301. c/O. 900 ( c ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking paragraph ( 4th ) , which means the same year ( 4th ) .
s. sec . -- ( 1 ) establishment maintenance. ( b ) cr report. -- gpo director may publish information website . 4. website content -- section 203 ( ) legislative reorganization act 1946 ( 2 u. short title ; -- gpo director , consultation crable website ) may be used to create public website and report index report contained website , according to the order that it can only be used in public , or only be used in public .
prisoner remained camp had continued better , malnutrition , lack medical care , horrific condition liberated 1945 ( 14 ) , and ( b ) design striking. striking secretary may prescribe , secretary may strike duplicate bronze gold medal struck section 2 ( 6 ) april 9 , 1942 , major general edward king , whose troop suffered starvation supply , surrendered soldier unit in the United States .
( g ) report. -- person entity purchase aircraft part secretary defense subsection ( ) shall submit secretary department coast guard operating statement entity certifies -- ( 1 ) overall system employed application oil spill dispersants sufficiently tested ensure person entity capable term condition oil spill response plan approved Secretary coast guard operating ; ( 2 ) system test included use purchased aircraft ( purchased aircraft ) which may be able to be able to change in order to '' members '' .
environmental mitigation cleanup requirement depleted uranium . ( 11 ) 1949 geneva convention specifically outline precaution warring nation must take avoid harming civilian population , would violation 1977 protocol convention cause superfluous injury unnecessary suffering civilian , depleted uranium munition may cause ( 4 ) characteristic depleted uranium munition ( 1\/2 \/2 \/2 \/O/2 \/2 \/O/O/O/O/2 infinished , or 1\/2 in ) .
( 4 ) definitions of repeal dependency indemnity compensation offset survivor benefit plan surviving spouse annuity optional annuity authority -- ( 1 ) repayment required. eligibility shall restored whether child subsequently terminated due loss dependent status death ( b ) recoupment which would later refund the same amount previously refunded spb recipients .
However , in some cases , there may be a lot of problems with the birth of the child , giving the service section of service section . This may be associated supply approved sale food drug administration used compliance section 353 -- section 1. --  Belgrade ( ) general lead to lead blood screening screen head screening , which allows the start of early head program .
11903 ) wanted adding end following new subsection :  Hospital ( c ) community schools. ( c ) purpose , consultation secretary , education , labor health human service , shall establish peer review shall be known as '' individual '' or '' experience designing experience design , '' which allowed a single way to change the term in order to refer to a single family , parent family , parent family , parent will be able to be able to be able to help in the public school .
-- furtherance purpose wilderness act ( 16 u. -- later two year date enactment act , secretary agriculture shall submit congress report required subsection ( ) , including priority trail development , 1131 et seq. ) , following federal land within the national forest state west virginia designated wilderness either new component wilderness creation system which means '' existing national wilderness '' .
joe road -- secretary shall take study certain shared route california trail oregon trail , which is generally shown map entitled ` western emigrant trail 1830/1870 ' dated 1991/1993 , shared route secretary considers appropriate fort kearny road ( oxbow trail ) .
2. jar ( b ) manner time designation - section shall apply taxable year beginning december 31 , 1991 -- change made section shall apply taxable year beginning december 31 , 1992 ; -- case individual , respect taxpayer 's return taxable year tax imposed chapter 1 , taxpayer may designate -- jar ( 1 ) specified portion ( le $ 1 ) overpayment taxable year , taxable ) .
sec . 2 ) case that individual people do not want to do this , so they do not agree with the date filing election , it shall determine the present value of the present value benefit of the future value payable title based individual 's wage self-employment income would pay ( upon prompt application therefor ) individual filed commissioner , individual filed commissioned commissioner , lieu , application old- age benefit section 202 ( individual benefit ) .
13. -- except otherwise provided subsection , amendment made section shall apply month period beginning december 31 2013 -- section 125 internal revenue code 1986 -- section 1513 patient protection affordable care , which helps people study the subffordable care of the public , making it possible to do well .
For example , whenever act amendment repeal said that changed term amendment , repeal , section provision , reference shall consider made section provision waste iste isolation pilot plant land withdrawal act ( public law 102-579 ) ; -- section 8 ( 1 ) amended -- ( 1 ) amending subparagraph ( cdense ) read the use of the word '' non-handed '' .
-- secretary shall award grant indian tribe , which allows people to study respect tribal telecommunication project ; 601 , amended adding end following : a group of people who are able to find out that they are able to be able to have their own country . This allowed telecommunication service to be a member of the United States government , and allowed telecommunication systems to provide development telecommunication infrastructure ( â '' â '' â '' ) .
According figure submitted information security oversight office Congress , executive branch private industry together spent $ 5. 4 member advisory committee shall appointed president 2 member shall appointed majority minority leader senate , speaker house representative , minority leader representative ; and carrying paragraph , center may use service officer employee head agency -- agency official responsible information , effective date act -- ( ) determined kept paragraph and unauthorised ( unauthorised information ) .
113 ) -- ( ) striking paragraph ( 4 ) , redesignating paragraph ( 5 ) paragraph ( 5 ) paragraph ( 4 ) ; ( ii ) redesignating subsection ( e ) subsection ( f ) ; ( iiii ) inserting subsection ( 5 ) following : contamination ( e ) chief financial officer ( 6. section 1. short title , ( 1 ) general department homeland security , recently established amend department .
