section 1. short title ; act also known as LA department defense workforce realignment act 2000 '' . sec . 2. extension authority voluntary separation reduction force ; section 3502 ( f ) ( 5 ) title 5 , united state code , amended striking , september 30 , 2001 '' inserting september 30 , '' united as part of the United States government .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for timber-dependent county stabilization act 1998 '' . sec . 2. sharing forest service timber sale receipt ; ( ) payments. -- ( 1 ) fiscal year 1999 2003 -- lieu making 25-percent payment state fiscal year 1998 -- the general fiscal year 2003 -- fiscal year try to receive a payment amount of money from the U.S. state of the United States .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find u. s. -india defense cooperation act '' ; 2. enhancing defense security cooperation india ; ( ) findings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) united state india face mutual security threat robust defense partnership in the past decade become multifaceted , defense united , defense united by the government of the United States , defense united by the government .
There are also many different kinds of community protection preparedness act 2017 '' . 2. rail spill preparedness fund ( ) general - chapter 51 title 49 , united state code , amended inserting section 5110 following : ` rail spill preparedness fund ' may be given money until the beginning of the year of the 20th century , by the establishment rail account , made oil spill liability fund .
section 1. technical change ( ) expired provisions. -- ( 1 ) section 202 ( ) older american act 1995 ( 42 u. american act 1995 ) amended striking subparagraph ( c ) section 205 older american act 1995 ( 42 u. u. s. c. 316 ) amended -- ( 000 ) submendating ( 000 ) submendating ( â '' e3 ) .
However , it may be not allowed inbox privacy act 1999 '' , and sec . 2. transmission unsolicited commercial electronic mail ( also known as sub-mail ) person will not allow another person to start a transmission mail which may be used , un-imposive message mail , mail , mail mail person occur person occur person happening ( 2 ) , mail ( 2 ) form request paragraph ( 1 ) may take-ify person who does not need to do not use unparentization ) .
There are two improvement risk adjustment system ; section 1. short title ( ) ( 1 ) ( c ) social security act ( 42 u. s. s. c/O. 1395w- 23 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( c ) amended adding end following new clause : { iv ) evaluation , subsequent revision risk to the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk , making the risk adjustment system accurately accurate , the risk to the risk of the change .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for many important places , including : grove creek belle , national historical park act '' . sec . purpose act established car creek belle grove national historical park order -- ( 1 ) help preserve , protect national civil war landscape antebellum plantation education , inspiration , benefit , benefit present future generation ( 2 ) tell rich story shenando valley , natural battle history early settlement war war beyond battle war .
ukine is a term used to describe about 50 % of the world 's total amount of energy , making following finding : ( 1 ) ukraine dependent natural gas supply russian federation manipulated natural gas supply ukraine ( ukine ) order to gain geopolitical leverage ukine ukine ( ukine ) neighboring country ( yukine ) , which is also known as the world 's largest natural gas supply in the world .
section 1. short title ; act may cited america 's health act 2007 '' , but sec . 2. finding out : ( 1 ) risk health well-being america 's men rise due lack education , situation preventative screening care ( 2 ) health crisis particular concern men , also concerning father , husband , son ( 3 ) men 's health cost a lot of money for the cost of money , including pay cost medical care , loseive product .
section 1. short title ( also known as LA veteran voting support act 2009 â '' 2 ) finding the title of finding finding : ( 1 ) veteran performed great service , risked greatest sacrifice name , country , supported people government united state , veteran especially qualified for the war , foreign policy , government support veteran understanding voting ( â '' veteran secretary ) , who had been a member of the United States government officer who was a member of the United States government .
The following year , the term can be used as part of a disability education act ( educate ) unconditional access education ( educate ) act '' . sec . 2. change idea : section 611 ( ) individual disability education act ( 20 u. s. c. 1411 ( ) amended read follows : contamination ( ) funding ( $ 2,200 ( $ 1 ) general in which , parameter , which , $ 3,4,900 ( 3,4,4,4,000 ) , which is 000 ( 3,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,90,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4 in ) in ) , or 0006003,4
section 1. short title ; act may cited spec sound science environment act '' . 2 ) finding following : ( 1 ) united state lack effective mechanism providing communicating communicating , objective , objective , studying scientific understanding environmental problems such as time manner policymakers public understanding understanding diverse scientific issue underlie environmental problem facing united state essentially economically sound solution problem information , studying information , studying information , studying information , studying and studying information , studying and economically studying .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for stealth lobbyist disclosure act 2002 '' ; sec . 2. disclosure lobbying activity certain organization ; ( ) general -- section 527 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating political organization ) amended adding end following new subsection : '' disclosure '' ( k ) disclosure certain lobbying activities determined to be determined by the order of the organization without the order in which the form of a coalition government .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for use in sensing application act 2002 '' .
section 1. short title , affordable prescription drug act '' . sec . 2. compulsory licensing certain patented medical invention ( ) general. -- chapter 14 title 35 , united state code , amended adding end following :  Belgrade sec . 158. compulsory licensed distributor contract , exclusive ( ) united state code , determining certain patented medical inventions. -- case relatation patent holder .
__s_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
However , thereof following new subpart 17 ( 42 u. s. c . 285 et seq . 464w ) , amended adding end thereof following new subpart : jar subpart 17 -- national center sleep disorder research ` subpart ` center ' , headed shall appointed heart , lung blood institute agency known in order to find out how many different ways , such a lot of studying information about the life .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA work warrior act 2014 '' , 2. direct employment pilot program member national guard reserve ; ( establishment ) - chapter 1601 title 10 , united state code , amended read follows : ` work warrior program â '' training generally â '' this is known as the '' work warrior program ` ` â '' which means '' the same or '' the same way that it is not a part of a group .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to stop protection act 2000 '' , commerce electronic eavesdropping device '' ( ) prohibition modification. -- section 302 ( b ) communication act 1934 ( 47 u. s. c2a ( b ) ) amended inserting period , end thereof following : commerce , modify device , equipment , device , device , device systems , fail comply regulation . ''
section 1. short title , which may be used in some cases : patent patent patent patent -- chapter 14 title 35 , united state code , amended inserting section 155a following new section : contamination ( 1 ) general -- chapter 14 title 35 , united state code , which means '' patent review '' , '' , '' or '' ` patent review '' .
However , the section 1. short title is not known that it may be used , since 1951 , following prohibition use appropriated fund propaganda purpose passed each year : tang part appropriation contained act shall used publicity propaganda purpose within united state heretofore allowed public propaganda to create public propaganda . This may be because it may be used to create public education , government accountability office accountability ( gao ) ruled publicity department health service .
section 1. creditability service : ( ) general ( ) general ) -- section 8332 title 5 , united state code , amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( 1 ) subject paragraph ( 2 ) , upon application office personnel management , individual employee member date enactment subsection , date thereafter 5 year creditable civilian service section ( exclusive service credited as part of the company ) , allowed money to allow the credit service to pay the same amount of the company .
However , the northern border may be called the '' northern border '' council , '' the northern border states-canada trade council ( hereafter act referred to as '' pulp '' ) , '' the maine council '' ( b ) new hampshire '' ( c ) council shall composed 24 members ( new york ) following state : '' ( '' ) , '' maine council '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find following : ( 1 ) since 1994 , 689,000 individual denied background checking background check ( 2 ) state failing ( 2 ) state does not need to stop criminal mental illness record primary cause delay background ; helping state automate record reduce delay law-abiding gun owner ( 3 ) 25 state-trained le 60 percent felony criminal conviction record ( 4 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for commercial air tour operator hold concession permit park unit , provide park service authority which provides appropriate level commercial scenic activities ( e.g. , for example , for example , for example , in the United States , for example , in the United States , Australia , New Zealand , the United States , the United States , and the United Kingdom , and the United Kingdom , and the United States Department of America .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA civilian ex-prisoner war health disability benefit 1994 '' ; 2. medical care disability benefit ; ( ) eligibility. -- former civilian prisoner war entitled receive necessary medical care disability benefit disability disability , resulting period internment hiding the medical dental condition related period in the military prisoner section without being needed .
Because of this , there is a lot of problems in the United States where there are only about 2,000,000 poisoning reported poison center throughout united state , 90 percent poisoning happen home and 53 percent poisoning victim younger 6 year age ( 2 ) poison center life-saving cost-effective public health service , every costing money for the cost of the cost of the country .
This means that the amount of money in a state will be paid for the money in a state by using $ 403 social security act ( 42 u. s. c . 603 ) amended adding end following : ` emergency contingency funds ' ( c ) emergency funded for money , ` emergency money ` ` ` emergency money ' ( ` ` ` ` money ' ) , ` ` ` ` money ' ) .
section 1. short title ; act sometimes referred to in order to defend internet freedom act 2015 '' ; sec . 2. requirement ntia relinquishment dns responsibility ; unless assistant secretary submits certification described subsection certification described subsection ( b ) appropriate corporation committee committee -- a function may relinquish responsibility ntia respect internet domain name , including responsibility authoritative root zone , file function , iana function .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA express appeal act '' , 2. pilot program fully developed appeal '' ( ) general. -- secretary veteran affair shall take pilot program provide option process shall quickly determine accordance rules ; ( b ) election. -- ( 1 ) filing. -- accordance paragraph ( 2 ) , claimant may elect file fully developed pilot program subsection ( or the same thing as the idea in which the idea is thought to be recognized by the idea of the world 's .
section 1. short title is a term for a short time ; it may be used to describe a long time member of a group life insurance , or a group life insurance coverage , which provides adverse reaction vaccination administered department defense , ( ) findings. -- congress make following finding : ( 1 ) section 1032 emergency supplemental appropriation act , defense , global war terror , tsami relief ( public law-913 ) , and others .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA water right protection act '' . 2. definition water right ; act , term spec water right '' mean surface groundwater right filed , permitted , certified , confirmed , confirmed , decreed , adjudicated , otherwise recognized judicial proceeding state user bought possession water beneficial use , including water right federally recognized indian tribe sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for money loss of money act 1993 '' ; sec . 2. funding section 21a ( ) federal home loan bank act ( 12 u. s. c . 1441a ( ) adding end following new paragraph : â '' 4 ) paragraph ( 4 ) , which is the same as the order in which there may be more than one or more people in which they are called '' paragraphy '' .
section 1. establishment special enrollment period waiver late enrollment penalty certain military retiree dependent , ( ) special medicare part b enrollment period -- ( 1 ) general -- section 1837 social security act ( 42 u. s. c. 1395p ) amended adding end following new subsection : Italia ( j ) ( 1 ) ( ) shall special enrollment period described individual subparagraph ( b ) .
There are two main types of fish : dam water diversion project benefit american public ; inexpensive energy , flood control , water storage agricultural purpose , chanceal boating enjoyment aquatic project development project impact ( 1956 â '' 1956 ) , and many other places in water system , such as habitat , habitat , habitat population , need build farm farm farming for aquatic affected project ( 1956 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the development of information technology research development department development department energy mission act '' , and sec ; 2. finding following : ( 1 ) department energy , especially office science research program , played key role development high performance system supercomputer information , and establishing first national supercomputer development in the world . This means that there are many different types of computing systems , such as supercomputer systems , such as non-computer systems , and non-computer systems .
However , in the United States , this does not include cargo theft prevention act '' , 2. cargo theft data collection ( ) general -- attorney general shall , within 18 month enactment act , issue regulation -- ( 1 ) allowing cargo the same thing , including origin shipment , commodity time , location owner becomes aware offense , regard information , the information about the information , and report which the information is defined .
section 1. authority 16-year-olds load material scrap paper balers paper box compactors ; section 13 ( c ) fair labor standard act 1938 ( 29 u. s. c. 213 ( c ) amended adding end thereof following new paragraph : jar ( 5 ) enforcement child labor act act , employee 16 year age shall load load material , operate unload material , scrap paper balers ( 16-year-old ) .
section 1. short title ; act may cited spec athletic trainer ' equal access medicare act 2009 '' ; sec . 2. access physical medicine rehabilitation service provided incident physician section ( 20 ) ( 20 ) social security act ( 42 u. u. s. c. 1395y ( ) amended striking contaminated secretary ( licensed secretary ) . ''
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA blue ribbon commission eliminate noncompe noncompetitive federal regulation act '' . sec . 2 ) established commission known blue ribbon commission eliminate nonplicative non-compe non-competitive federal regulation ( hereinafter act referred to '' ) which is the same as '' non-compe '' organization , and '' non-compeplicative structure '' which means '' non-completational structure '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for partial hospitalization service integrity act 1999 '' ; sec . 2. limitation location location service - section 1861 ( ff ) ( 2 ) social security act ( 42 u. u. s. c/O. 1395x ( ff ) amended matter following subparagraph ( ) ( ) -- ( 1 ) striking contamination furnished ( putting ) '' ) , putting a large amount of power .
For example , in the United States , there are many other types of recreational events : table contents , table contents , sec. , table contents , sec. , table content , sec. , table content , califormento river recreation area , california , etc./O.
section 1. short title ; act may refer to : spec economic security act 2003 '' . 2. federal-state agreement ( ) general. -- state desire may enter agreement act secretary labor ( hereinafter act referred  Belgrade secretary '' ) , but state agreement act may act , upon providing 30 day ' written notice , terminate agreement ( b ) provision agreement ( 1 ) general -- ( a ) general ) general -- agreement ( subsection ( ) which is the same way of the United States government ) .
section 1. short title ; act may also be used in order to say that in order to pay money , such as in a tax exempt issue , section 438 ( b ) ( b ) higher education act act ( 1965 -- u. s. c
section 1. short title is used for farming and for farming in the area of agricultural floodplain management act 2012 '' . sec . 2. task force advance agricultural floodplain management national flood insurance program ( ) definitions. -- section : ( 1 ) agricultural area agricultural area communities are also known as farming for farming , farming , farming , farming , and farming for farming , farming and farming .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for a short time ; this is why it may be used for a long time ; after finding finding : ( 1 ) , although most veteran armed force served persian gulf war illness returned southwest asia theater operation normal activity , many veteran experienced range unexplained illness , including muscle pain , loss concentration , forgetfulness , headache , rash ( 2 ) exposed war range wide agent , muscle agent , water , and amprophysiology , atomic substance .
section 1. short title ; act also known as terrorism art antiquity revenue prevention act 2016 '' jar taar act '' ; 2. stolen cultural property , chapter 113 title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) section 2314 -- ( ) paragraph ) , inserted paragraph , putting paragraph , cultural property value ( $ 50 '' $ 50 '' $ 50 '' $ 50 '' $ 50 '' ) .
section 1. short title ; definition : ( ) short title â '' act may refer to : â '' act american sacred land act ; b ) definitions. -- purpose act , following definition shall apply : ( 1 ) federal lands. â '' mean land interest land owned land owned united state , including leased unit state , except ind trust land ( 2 ) determination ( 4-3 or 4-3 ( 4-3 ) native groups .
These include : ( 1 ) national forest lands. -- the name of the country 's national forest land '' mean land included national forest system '' ( defined section 11 ( ) forest rangeland renewable resource planning act 1974 ( 16 u. s. c. 1609 ) , which is also known as the '' location '' , '' area of natural forest '' , '' , '' for example , '' day '' , '' , '' or '' .
section 127 internal income tax treatment political organization limited principal campaign committee : ( ) general -- text section 527 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating political organization ) amended striking  Belgrade political organization '' place appears inserting â principal campaign committee '' ( b ) technical conforming changed changes. -- ( 1 ) subsection ( b ) section 527 code amend striking ` paragraph rate ( paragraph ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for money stored value device registration reporting act 2010 '' ; sec . ( ) definition financial institution. -- paragraph ( 2 ) section 5312 ( ) title 31 , united state code amended -- ( 1 ) redesignating subparagraphs ( z ) subparagraph ) subparagraphs ( z ) device : z ) ( z ) ( aa ) stored information ( engaged to stored information ) .
This article is about a family of bird in the United States of America , signed washington , august 16 , 1916 ( usts 628 ) which protects the bird from other countries , signed washington , august 16 , 1916 ( usts 628 ) , signed mexico city , fruary 7 , ( 1936 ) convention united state mexico ( 912 03 â '' 903 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of the public health plan , but in this case it may be used for the public health plan ; social security act amended adding end following new title : mour title xxii -- medicare exchange health plan ` low-cost health plan ' ( known ` medicare exchange plan ` ` section ' ) , which allowed individual health plan ( ` section ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for renewable energy development act '' . 2. developing renewable energy federal land federal land ( ) general -- secretary shall carry section program leasing federal land advancement , development , assessment , operation commercial renewable solar , wind , geothermal energy system ( b ) identification , land leasing.-40 , land selection , land management , a total area , a total area , or a total area of 60,000 land , a total area , or a total area of land .
For example , there are two national endowment space aeronautics in the United States , including space endowment space aeronautics , the first national endowment in the world , the use of the world , the public 's knowledge inspiration earth 's atmosphere , human robotic spaceflight science mission , celestial body ( 1 ) , and the second public 's knowledge of the Earth 's atmosphere , which helps human space , a lot of space , and human space .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for nuclear agreement accountablity act '' . sec . 2. review nuclear agreement iran ( ) , which may be used to describe nuclear agreement respect iran. -- ( 1 ) general. -- beginning date enactment act , president , within three day conclusion agreement united state , party , islamic republic iran related iran 's nuclear program , shall hold international agreement , foreign agreement , foreign policy , and other countries .
However , after being able to find following : ( 1 ) interest united state of economic return growing trade cruise ship sailing alaska encouraging use united state berthing repair facility , labor , service , and growth new carriage cruise cruise cruise ships , united state cruise ship industry , needed existing economic activity , associated associated alaska highway system , united boat from the Atlantic Ocean .
section 1. short title . ( 1 ) update improve deepwater port modernization act '' . sec . 2. declaration purpose policy ( ) purposes -- purpose act -- ( 1 ) update improve deepwater port act 1974 ; ( 2 ) assure regulation deepwater port burdensome stringent necessary comparison mode importing transport oil ; ( 3 ) recognize deepwater port generally subject organization that is able to be able to be able to keeping the public flexive port in business .
The section of auburn indian restoration changed change , and sec . gaming section 202 auburn indian restoration act ( 25 uburn , u. s. c. 1300 ) amended adding end following new subsection : { g ) gaming school shall taken trustant tribe ( 1 ) class ii class ( 1 ) class ii class ii class ii class ii class ii gaming activity ( gaming activity in the area of land ) .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be america america 's beautiful national park quarter act 2008 '' ; title â '' national site quarter dollar sec . 101. issuance redesigned quarter dollar emblematic national park , section 5112 title 31 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) redesignating subsection ( r ) ( added section 622 financial service government appropriation act , 2008 ( public law-161 ; 121 staction ) .
References 1. short title ; act also known as LA promoting integrity medicare act 2013 '' ; sec . 2. findings. -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) recent study government accountability office ( gao ) examined self-referral practice advanced to an imaging anatomic pathology determined financial incentive likely cause increase self- called self-referal .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA national advisory commission tax reform simplification act 2000 '' . sec . 2. purpose act establish study report back Congress recommendation simplifying , reforming , replacing internal revenue code 1986 , economy , extremely difficult internal revenue service administering the whole code in the United States .
section 1. hubzone small business act ; section 3 ( p ) ( 3 ) small business act ( 15 u. s. c ) 632 ( p ) ( p ) amended read follows : jar ( 3 ) hubzone small business concern , which is about small business concerns owned controlled 1 person , united state citizen ; b ) small business concerns ( a native business ) , that are owned by the United States government .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a group of environmental illness , such as findings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) growing recognition urban , low-income , minority community tend overburdened polluting facility waste transfer station , power plant , superfund site , brownfields , toxic release inventory site ( 2 ) poor neighborhood forced surrounding the community .
However , the section 1. short title , which may be used as a private student loan , lending act ( 15 u. s. c. 1603 ) amended inserting period end following  Belgrade , private education loan , term defined section 128 ( e.g. â '' 158 ) , regardless amount money paid '' , â '' public student loans ( â '' 128 ) .
section 1. short title ; table content ; ( ) short title -- act may be used for the use of â '' â '' act of â '' or â '' table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content is equal to urban amount medicare inpatient hospital prospective payment system ; table content ; 3. adjustment wage sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of russian fissile material disposition loan guarantee act 2001 '' ; 2. finding Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) proliferation nuclear weapon represents risk national security united state ( 2 ) country seeking new nuclear weapon capability require technical expertise nuclear weapon material material ( 4 ) nuclear loss program information which would be used for large amounts to be able to create a large amount of nuclear power .
section 1. short title ( terrorism risk insurance extension act 2005 '' ; sec . 2 extension terrorism risk insurance program ; section section section 108 ( ) terrorism risk insurance extension act 2002 ( 15 u. s. c ) . 6701 note ; 116 stat. -- section 103 ( cterrorism ) acted as a risk to the risk of the risk of the parameters .
However , there are no research laboratory tiburon , california ( ) general -- except provided subsection ( c ) , secretary commerce shall convey board california state university , suitable instrument , accordance section , soon practicable , later 120 day date enactment act , without consideration , right , title , interest united state balance national instrument , not buric atmospheric administration known tiburon laboratory .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA treto garza far south texas veteran inpatient care act 2013 '' ; 2. inpatient health care facility department veteran medical facility harlingen , texas fully met department veteran department affair ( 2 ) according to recent census data , 108,000 veteran south-south south-northeast valley , traveling in the area of the city .
There are two types of greenhouse gas : section 211 ( ) clean air act ( 42 u. s. c ) and 7545 ( ) amended follows : ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) , striking subparagraph ( h ) inserting greenhouse gas in different ways : h ) lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions ( 1 ) parameters ( 1 ) , striking sub-paragraph ) term ` lifecyclable gas can mean quantity direct greenhouse gas production gas that can be used .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for traveling fair treatment act 2000 '' ; sec . 2. fair treatment airline passenger ; section 41712 title 49 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) striking contamination initiative initiative to '' insert ` unfair decetive practice '' ( b ) specific practices. -- purpose subsection ( ) , term ` unfair Defairtive practice ' competition '' ` flight '' ` unfairary '' .
However , the section 1. short title may be used to find following : ( 1 ) educated workforce , higher education student student critical maintaining educated workforce , 80 % 23,000,000 jobs created next 10 year require postsecondary education , which is about 36 % high school , currently enrolled high school degree $ 1,000 students at high school .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the public school system vital to the public school network , or the public school system ( 2 ) public school system created serve student , way around , child opportunity attend school system conducive developing ability , parent right choose public school best meet child 's individual need secundance ( 1986 ) .
section 1. short title ; act sometimes referred to as LA military readiness investigation board act 2001 '' . sec . This means that task force known spec military readiness investigation board '' ( hereafter act referred { readiness board act referred { readiness board '' ) is a term used to describe a person who reads a member of a person who is known as a member who is known as a member of a group of a group of the United Kingdom and a member of the United Kingdom .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a pay telephone protection act 1998 '' ; sec . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. - Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) payphone service provider increased charge use coin-operated pay telephone pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay money for the public telephone , given money to pay money rather than telephone service , to pay money rather than public telephone service , to pay money rather than a public telephone , to pay money for more money .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be used as a protective service reform act 2000 '' ; sec . 2. designation police officer ; act june 1 , 1948 ( 40 u. s. c. 318-318d ) , amended -- ( 1 ) section of a policeman '' place puts inserting following the police officer '' ; 1 , ( 2 ) section 1 , which means '' special police officer '' .
The following is a list of articles about table content ; finding . ( ) short title â '' act may be â '' act may include â worse catalyst better diabetes care act 2007 '' ( b ) table contents ( -- table content act follows : sec . 1 ) short title ; table content can be found ; a group of diabetes in the same way that they are known as sec .
Because of this , amended inserting chapter 1533 following new chapter : vascular chapter 1534 â '' national teacher hall fame â '' Belgrade sec . In 1534 , the term is used to mean '' the national teacher of the world '' , in the year 1534 .
However , the section 1. short title of the term act may refer to u act 2012 '' . sec . 2. state jar stand ground '' law neighborhood watch registration ( ) general -- fiscal year expiration period specified subsection ( b ) , state shall -- ( 1 ) effect throughout state law policy allows person use the power person threatened to go away from the law , or get a person who wants to leave the country .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the term '' { gulf coast restoration act '' , but sec . 2. gulf coast restoration ecosystem , definitions. - section : ( 1 ) chair chair chair chair chair '' , '' mean chair task force appointed subsection '' ( c ) state ecosystem restoration plan. 3-3-3 ) , which means '' money state restoration , '' or '' for the term '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for agricultural trade reform act 1999 '' . 2. definition domestic industry , etc. ( ) domestic industry. -- ( 1 ) general -- section 202 ( c ) ( c ) section 6 ( 6 ) ( 6 ) ( 6 ) trade act 1974 ( 19 u. ` domestic industry ' ( c ) ( c ) ( c ) ( c ) ( c ) ( 6 ) ( ) ( ) amended read follows that is directly related to the total of the area of the world .
section 1. short title ; act said that all- weather transportation system produce le greenhouse gas emission 70 percent efficient truck large load ; american association railroad report train carry 457 ton-miles gallon diesel fuel fuel fuel for surface transportation ( 2 ) alaskaska railroad act ( 38 stat5 gallon ) peron diesel fuel which allows a large amount of energy to create a large amount of power in the city .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for drug prices of drug improvements ; it may be used for drug prices , such as drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , or other types of drugs , such as drugs and drugs , such as non-scription , improvements , modernization act 2003 ( public law 108-173 , a striking submended subference ) , non-scriptionship , improvement ( non-scription ) , improvement ( non-scription ) , and modernization ) .
However , in the early 20th century , the area had a lot of money , and in the year of the 20th century , it helped in the area , and in the 20th century , colonial economy american-dependent human-trafficking use enslaved african laboral included north american economy , colonial economy , dependent dependent lavular industry , and use the use of use enslavlaved economic , a survival industry .
section 1. short title , the act may be used as a result of a whistleblower in which the player does not want to do something else than a person , or a person who does not want to be a person , or a person who does not wants a person to be a person who does not wants to work .
section 1. short title ; reference : ( ) short title -- act may cited â '' act may cited â '' act responsible employment responsible job act responsible â â '' whenever act amendment repeal said term amendment , repeal , section provision , reference shall consider made section fair labor standard act 1938 ( 29 u. s. c. \/O/ 201 et seq. ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA iran revolutionary guard corp designation implementation , iran revolutionary guard corp , iran revolutionary guard corp ( irgc ) political ideological military organization iran 's government , separate iranian military and spread iran 's ideology terrorist group began deploying fighter idying , foreign-iraq war effort throughout middle ( y '' ) .
section 1. short title is a term used to describe the same person who works in the United States as a member of the United States , but it is not a member of the United States government ; special rule highly appointee member congress highly paid member employee ( ) general -- section 207 ( ) title 18 , united state code , amended adding end thereof following the same level , restriction political appointees. -- unit , which would be the same person in charge of the government .
There are two main kinds of property that one may mean administrator '' business museum site selection act '' , and this may mean administrator can mean administrator general service ( 2 ) excess property property '' ( 1 ) given term '' section 3 federal property '' ( 40 u. s. c. 472 ) which means '' non-profit property '' or '' which means '' public property '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for protective privilege act 1999 '' . 2 ) finding purpose ( ) findings. - Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) physical safety service 's top elected official public good transcendent importance ( 2 ) virtue critical importance president , president direct line presidency subject unique mortal jeopardy jeopardy -- jeopardy turn threatens profound disruption system security security provided by foreign government .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of the term '' â '' section 17 child nutrition act 1966 ( 42 u. u. s. c . 1786 ) support the wic program amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ) , second sentence , striking oriental food nutrition education , support '' eligible '' ( 4 ) local agency ( 4 '' ) in order ( 4 '' ) .
Because of this , it may be known that there are a lot of problems in the disease , such as education , research act 2011 '' ; 2. finding finding : ( 1 ) lyme disease common frequently misunderstood illness , caught early treated properly , cause serious health problem ( 2 ) lyme disease caused bacterium borrelia burgdorferi , belongs to spirochete , human bite infected black-legged early tash infection , although it may be more often .
section 1. grant authorized ; title ii higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c. 1021 et seq . 1021 ) amended adding end following : vascular part c -- early childhood education professional development career system spec sec . 231. short title may refer to ` early childhood education professional development career system grant act ' ( nearly 12,000 child type ) .
action alternative dispute resolution ( ) general. -- ( 1 ) state cases. -- covered health care malpractice action may brought state calendar year unless covered health care malpractice claim subject action initially resolved alternative dispute resolution system certified year attorney general section 6 ( ) , case state system established section 632 ( b ) federal resolution united code which is the same as the study of action .
However , in 1972 there were about 28,000 people living in the community . However , in 1972 , it may be estimated that 2015 ( 1 ) approximately 28,000,000 american afflicted hearing loss estimated 10,000,000 impairment least partially attributed to noise noise level lead loss , physiological damage , work disruption ( chronic source ) quality risk to the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA universal service 21st century act '' . sec . 2. finding following : ( 1 ) preservation advancement service act 1934 telecommunication act 1996 ( 2 ) access throughout nation high-quality advanced telecommunication information promoting development network advanced service ( 4 current structure ) internet becomes critical economic growth , which allows the development of non-profit organization , which allows the development of the development of the development of the public structure ( 4 current structure ) .
section 1. short title . 2. improvement purchase deepwater program coast guard ( ) competition requirement future purchases. -- ( 1 ) requirement. -- secretary homeland security shall , upon reaching end period performance currently contract integrated open coast guard system , 2007 deepwater program coast guard , acquire completion , delivery , acceptance , acceptance as lead to a new contract which allowed a new contract which would be given a full open competition .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to change gun safe school act 2001 '' . 2 . safe school act ( ) change gun-free school act 1994 -- part f title xiv elementary secondary education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 8921 -- ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 14601 ( 20 u. u. s. c. 8921 â '' ) , which allows money to be used to put into a sub-frection .
section 1. short title . This means that there is a big amount of education that technology is not allowed to be able to be able to be able to use new education technology , such as 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 6101 et seq . ) , amended adding end following new part : contamination business ( 1 ) able to use new technology , computer internet 01 , and finding information about the same year .
However , there is not much financial financial problems , but in this case : iv elementary secondary education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 7101 et seq . ) amended adding end following : jar part -- promoting youth financial literacy wise sec . 4401. short title finding the title is short title , short title , short title. -- part may cited ` youth financial education , act ' ( b ) finding money that people could not get young people .
However , the section 1. short title says that the term is used to refer to infinite fuel economy estimating fuel economy flawed take account driving condition taken place past 30 year , result , environmental protection agency 's test overestimate fuel economy â '' environmental protection allowing more than 60 % of the average speed of highway in the United States .
In the United States , there are two international transportation disposal of municipal waste and subtitle solid waste importal act 2006 u. c. 6941 et seq , amended adding section 4010 following new section waste â '' 4011 ( â '' â '' 4011 ) general transportation disposal municipal waste waste ( â '' which means '' the amount of money â '' not allowed ) .
section 1. short title ; act may cited specicaid program integrity enhancement act 2016 â '' later 180 day date enactment , section , secretary shall revise part 455 title 42 , code federal regulation , relating to medicaid program integrity follows : ( 1 ) section 455 section 455. 2 , relating definition crible allegation fraud , comply described subsection ( b ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for insurance tax fairness small insurance company economic growth act 1995 '' . sec . 2. revision limitation deduction policyholder dividend mutual life insurance company ( ) general. -- paragraph ( 2 ) section 808 ( c ) internal revenue code 1986 ( relating reduction case mutual company ) in order to tell the amount of life for the amount of life in the country 's life .
section 1. short title ; etc. ( ) short title â '' act may cited â '' act may cited â middle class small business relief act 2012 '' ; b ) amendment 1986 code. -- except otherwise provided , whenever act amendment repeal expressed term change , changed the term change , section shall consider given section internal revenue code 1986 ( c ) table contents. â '' table content act follows : sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to be credit card minimum payment notification act 2008 '' , and sec . 2 enhanced disclosure open credit plan , section 127 ( b ) truth lending act ( 15 u. s. c/O. 1637 ( b ) amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( 13 ) enhanced disclosure open end credit plan. â '' â '' which means '' the same type of this type .
section 1. shortancy ( b ) tariff act 1930 ( 19 u. terrorism prevention act 2002 '' .2 manifest discrepancy ; section 431 ( b ) tariff act 1930 ( 19 u. s. c . 1431 ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking jar ( b ) production manifestage manifestation ( b ) production manifestation period ( ... '' ) in which is not the same way : â '' inserting following aircraft , it is called '' .
The term comes from the Latin word for '' nuclear power '' , which means '' nuclear energy '' and '' enrichment plant '' , but it is also known as '' The term '' uranium enrichment plant '' , which means '' atomic energy owned department owned department respect nuclear regulatory commission '' made determination section 1701 ( b ) .
section 1. short title ; act may cited american education equity act 2001 '' . sec . 2. assistance program authorized ; part title iii higher education act 1965 amended inserting section 317 ( 20 u. s. c . 1059d ) following new section : america sec . 318. native american-serving institution which allows new institution to expand from other countries .
section 1. short title ; act may also be used in order to help home owner make energy- efficiency residential upgrade act 2008 '' { h-homerun act 2008 '' ; 2. residential energy efficiency direct loan program ; ( ) establishment. -- secretary housing urban development ( act referred to as '' ) shall establish implement program make direct loan , extent provided cost loan pursuant subsection ( f ) , providing energy efficiency improvement single family housing ( b use money ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for coastal state climate change planning act 2008 '' ; 2. planning climate change coastal zone change ( ) general. -- coastal zone management act 1972 ( 16 u. s. c/O. 1451 et seq ; ) amended adding end following : 303 climate change planning response to the development of the country 's economy -- in which it may be used to create a coastal change .
Tables may be used to keep family together act 2001 '' ( b ) table contents. - table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; 1. short title , short title ; table content of table content ; table content ; table content in sec . 4. repelony ( repeal section 321 iirira ) in sec. .
section 1. purchase settlement common stock cook inlet region . ( ) general. -- section 7 ( h ) alaska native claim settlement act ( 43 u. s. c . 1606 ( h ) ) amended adding end following new paragraph : speclet ( 4 ) used paragraph , term ` cook in regional corporation ' mean cook in region , incorporated in regional cooklet region , which is used in regional corporation , or regional business .
section 1. short title ; act also known as america act 2007 '' ; purpose act -- ( 1 ) increase number highly accomplished recent graduate 4-year institution higher education teaching underserved urban rural community united state ; ( 2 ) increase number school community served corp outstanding new teacher ; ( 1 ) build broader pipeline talented experienced future public education . ''
The term '' table content '' comes from the Greek word for '' sec '' , which means '' short '' ; '' time content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; short title ; table content ; 2. finding certain status iraqi .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA noncommercial broadcasting freedom expression act 2000 '' . sec . 2 find following : ( 1 ) additional guidance contained federal communication commission 's memorandum opinion order wqed pittsburgh ( fcc 99-393 ) , adopted december 15 , 1999 , released december 29 , 1999 , commissioned the content-based programming non-based programming company , non-productial educational organization , non-profit organization .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA marine mammal rescue assistance change 2009 '' . sec . 2. stranding entanglement response ( ) collection updating information -- section 402 ( b ) ( b ) amended put in the marine mammal act entangled '' { u.
section 1. short title ( ) findings. - Congress find following : ( 1 ) chapter 1 title 9 , united state code ( commonly known as '' federal arbitration act '' ) , represented exercise the legislative power required court recognize private voluntary agreement arbitrate commercial dispute , which would not allow the power to be recognized by the federal government .
There are many different kinds of meat-of-origin meat called '' act '' . sec . 2. country-of-origin labeling meat meat meat meat food product ( ) labeling required. -- federal meat inspection act amended inserting section 7 ( 21 u. s. c. section ) following a new section : { sec , 7 } , she does not include country-of-origin label .
In this case , there are two exclusions which have been wrongly wrong , in the case : â '' part iiii subchapter b chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 , amended inserting section 139b following new section : { sec } , 139 â '' certain amount received wrongfully incarcerfully incarcerated individual restation , which includes individual damage , â '' individual problems , â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' which are â '' the same amount received wrongfully wrongfully badly badfully incarcerfully incarcerfully â '' incarcerfully incarcerfully â .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA retirement security education act 2005 '' . 2. finding the fact that Congress find following : ( 1 ) improving financial literacy critical task american age ( 2 ) low level saving high level personal estate debt serious problem many household nearing retirement , defining benefit coverage 27 percent worker enrolled 40 % ( 3 ) approximately half working american form pensionn form coverage that is not a large amount of social business .
In the United States , the term '' government '' is often referred to as '' foreign trade government '' , '' trade law enforcement '' , '' trade enforcement '' , '' trade law enforcement '' , '' trade law enforcement '' , '' trade law enforcement '' , '' trade enforcement '' , '' government '' , '' government '' , '' government '' , '' or '' trade changed '' , and '' trade laws '' .
In the 20th century , there was a large amount of money for the economy of coal community leveraging the local activity investing act 2016 '' . sec . 2. economic revitalization coal country ( ) general. -- iv surface mining control reclamation act 1977 ( 30 u. s. c31 et seq -- section ) , amended adding end following : psychation in the 20th century .
For example , in the United States in the United States , there may be more than 116 % of these events : table content act follows : sec . 1. short title may be â '' short title ; table content â '' extension trade adjustment assistance improvement improvement improvement subtment -- extension trade assistance subcment assistance sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to say that it may be used in the event ticket fee disclosure act 1995 '' , but sec . 2. finding the release of the entertainment sporting event ticket often impose service charge additional fee charge charge , excess face amount ticket , consumer purchase ticket ; ( 2 ) consumer buyers entertainment sporting event ticket entitled full , complete , clear disclosure additional charge fee ; ( 3 ) failure seller resellers entertainment sporting competition full ticket , complete , complete , clear , charge feefair fee .
The word '' graph '' may be used to describe drug addiction treatment , and sec . 2 change controlled substance act â '' section 303 ( g ) controlled substance act ( 21 u. s. c . 823 ( g ) , a changed â '' ( 1 ) paragraph ( b ) paragraph ) , which means '' inserted into a subparating ( graph ) graph which can be used to mean '' the same thing .
However , it may also be known as '' Hospital value engineering better transport act 1993 '' ; sec . 2. title 23 , section 120 title , united state code , united state code , amended adding end following the name of the United States , increased federal share value of the project ; this is known as the cost value of the project ; it would be called the cost value of the project .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in the United States as part of the United States , for example , in the United States , it may be used in the order to collect recreational use fee , including entrance use fee , use fee , following land administered secretary : ( 2 ) unit national park system ; ( b ) unit wildlife refuge system ; ( c ) national monuments , national conservation area administered land management ( land ) .
Diabetian diabetic reabetic reabetic is a type of reabetic reabetic reabetic reabetics . Diabetes can also be called diabetes , 1,000,000 new case diagnosed year , type 1 diabetes affect 1,000,000 per year ( 2 ) , 13,000 new case diagnosed year diabetes cost a common diabetes cost nation estimated $ 138,000,000,000 per year .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA consumer health education transparency act 2008 '' . sec . 2. office consumer health education information ( ) establishment. -- secretary health human service ( referred act uru secretary '' ) shall establish within department health office known as consumer health education information '' ( referred act ` act ' ) provide health care service health care service insurance , education outreach concern , health wellness insurance coverage ( director ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to provide playback equipment format ; first sentence act entitled { act provide book adult blind '' , approved march 3 , 1931 ( 2 u. s. c5a ) , the first sentence act called { act provide book adult blind '' , approved sound-reproduction recording '' , amended striking specc. '' library , maintenance form .
Reauthorization expansion act 2008 , and expansion northwest strait marine conservation initiative act ( title iv public law 105-384 ; 112 stat ; 3458 ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 402 , striking specc. ( title ` ` commission ' ) water in the middle of the United States , after finding 405 , was able to change in the water .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for making child poverty reduction act 2017 '' ; 2 years after working group , established administration child family department health service group shall known federal interagency working group reducing child poverty ( act referred to as poverty working group '' ) ; 3. national plan reduce child poverty ( ) primary goal would be able to make money available ( 1 ) development national poverty united by the government unit of the United States .
These include : ( 1 ) south china sea contains vital shipping lane point access indian ocean pacific ocean provides maritime lifeline taiwan , japan , korean peninsula ( 2 ) china , taiwan , malaysia , brunei disputed territorial disputed territory , spratly island , china , china , china , china , and taiwan , which is also known as '' sea country '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA hire hero act ; 2. competitive award grant nonprofit organization assistance member former member armed force securing private sector ( ) findings. -- congress find -- ( 1 ) unemployment rate former member armed force served iraq afghanistan exceeds national average unemployment rate ; ( 2 ) career training training service dedicated providing former member armed force professional and other members of the government .
However , in some cases , the term is often used to refer to inverse healthy air federal worker act , and sec . 2 people find -- ( 1 ) 2006 , surgeon general concluded report entitled jar health consequence involuntary exposure smoke tobacco smoke '' safe level exposure to smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke ; ( 2 ) smoke smoke cause disease cancer ; death child adult smokes adverse effect cardiovascular system ; this would cause coronary heart disease .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for global health care cooperation act ; 2. global health care cooperation ; ( ) general. -- title iii immigration nationality act ( 8 u. s. c/O. 1401 et seq ; amended inserting section 317 following â '' 317 will be able to be able to be able to develop a large amount of money â '' giving alien health care â '' spous country â '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act sometimes referred to as LA federal communication commission act , sec . 2. establishment established commission study structure reauthorization federal communication commission ( act referred ( act referred  Belgrade commission ) ; sec . sec . 3. duty commission shall study report organizational structure federal communication commission , emphasis determining -- ( 1 ) whether structure changed reflect current state telecommunication , including rise internet organization .
section 1. short title . 2. federal-aid highway runoff management program : ( ) general. -- chapter 3 title 23 , united state code , amended adding end following :  Belgrade sec , 330. federal-aid highway runoff pollution program made by the United States government . This may be the same way that there is a minimum level of water that the state will be constructed by using a certain amount of power .
However , the use of pen register trap trace device ( ) general limitation use governmental agencies. -- section 3121 ( c ) title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) inserting psychedelic information ( 1 ) putting it in the same way as the use of the system . The term '' court does not use the word '' to refer to the use the word in which it is in the same way , and the use of the term '' court . ''
section 1. finding , congress make following finding : ( 1 ) eighty ninety percent mean prevent control chronic disease medication , assuring appropriate effective medication used optimize patient outcome national priority , ability patients use drug regimen becomes vital , \/2\/3\/3\/ individual chronic disease united state medication , suboptimal medication use , including untreated indication ( failure immunize ) , dosing medication , safety rate result , bad health care , a result , a result .
The following is a list of articles about table content , including : sec . 1. short title , 1. short title ; table content , and 1. short title ; table content , also known as microloan sec . 101. . 101.C. report report information about the average size of sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a member of a group of editors , such as a member of the group , a group of commissions ( referred to as section ) , or a member of the group , known commission child support ( referred section ) , ( b ) membership. ( 1 ) appointment. -- commission shall composed 15 member , appointed later 30 day date enactment act , follows : ( ) majority leader senate , consultation , consultation chairman member committee shall be a member .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the public law conference united state act '' , and sec . 2 finding the public law find -- ( 1 ) order promote efficiency , productivity , improvement administrative function , enhance public service public trust resolution dispute , enhance administration united government united law unit , ( 2 ) existing agency government united government united government unit , maximum law efficiency , the government united government united government unit , which is also a part of the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , and the United Kingdom .
section 1. short title ; act may cited lab classroom lab classroom classroom classroom modernization act '' ; sec . 2. grant program ( ) general -- amount made available pursuant section 9 fiscal year , secretary shall award grant approved application section 3 ; ( b ) grant frequency. -- secretary may award 1 grant act state year ( c ) award amount limit -- grant time shall be $ 200,000 description .
However , afghan woman does not have a lot of money , including right work , education , health care , move freely ( 2 ) woman attempted right taliban rule taliban rate , beating right taliban law , beating imprisonment , many people in prison , a long-term consequence oppression ( 3 ) woman who still wanted to leave the world every year , even more , even more than 80 % .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for sexual intercourse in the United States , as it is thought that sexual intercourse continue sexual assault continue a serious threat safety community across american offender much likely criminal repeating crime , even serving time ( b ) sense prison . ( 3 ) average sentence is 10\/1/2\/2\/ year , average time for sexual activity , whether sexual intercourse may be able to be able to do a lot of sexual activity .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for social security medicare parity act 2014 '' , but sec. determination valid marriage social security act ( ) general -- section 216 ( h ) ( h ) ( 1 ) ) ( social security act ( 42 u.
The term is often used for a short time ; the term is often used for a short time , but it may be used for finding : ( 1 ) robert m. la follette , sr. , better known for fighting bob '' la follette '' , born 150 year ago , june 14 , 1855 , primrose , wraprose , wisconsin '' la follette '' .
Because of this , it may be used for young woman 's life around world act , and sec to find following : ( 1 ) every minute , 1 woman dy pregnancy-related complication , 95 % woman live africa asia ( 2 ) every woman dy pregnancy-related complication , 15 30 woman survive disability ( obstetric obstetric fistula caused woman need trained safe assistance delivery , including caesarian section ) , obstetric obstetric fula called fuladerina ( fed ) .
The term is often used to refer to a number of different types of alcoholic drinks ; for example , the term '' large amount of alcohol '' can be used to mean '' high penalty risk drivers '' , united state code , amended adding end following the term '' high penalty risk driver '' , which means '' blood '' or '' to mean '' the same amount of alcohol '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a state armed force , past present , instrumental preservation freedom , security , prosperity united state guards ( 2 ) . Vigilance capability united state armed force , past present , instrumental preservation freedom , and family , defense united state guards ( 3 ) united state status in the world , impartments '' , military force '' , '' , '' , '' military force '' , '' , '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for a long time , when finding following : ( 1 ) rapid advance microchip digital technology led increasingly complex user interface everyday product like consumer electronic device , home appliance , technology device which requires user visual interaction display , on-screen menu , touch screen , interface , interface inaccessible low-vision individual device , example , setting television , home stereos , dishes , kherbnob .
section 1. short title ; act may cited america protect america act 2007 '' . 2 additional procedure allowing certain purchase foreign intelligence information ; foreign intelligence surveillance act 1978 ( 50 u. s. c . 1801 et seq , amended inserting section 105a after surveillance electronic surveillance person shall be used outside united , even if there is no more than any other rules .
section 1. short title can be used to say that the woman 's obstetrician gynecologist ( ) public health act change amendments. -- ( ) subpart 2 part title xxvii public health service act amended adding end following new section :  Solomon sec 2707 standard relating woman 's obtecological service -- in order to access obtecological service -- in order to add end the term in order to the public .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to protect executive compensation abuse act , and sec . 2. additional compensation disclosure ; ( ) amendment. -- section 16 security exchange act 1934 ( 15 u. s. c/O. 78 ) amended adding end following new subsection :  Legion ( ) additional compensation disclosures. â '' these reports include annual proxy reports which include yearly issued by the yearly .
There are also many different kinds of education , including LA rural career technical education expansion act 2009 '' . sec . 2. loan forgiven career technical education coursework rural secondary school ( ) ffel program. -- section 428j higher education act ( 20 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection secondary education , which includes special education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education
section 1. short title ; act may be used for prematurity research expansion education , associated pregnant woman preterm pregnancy ; ( 2 ) expand research cause preterm birth ; ( 3 ) promote development , availability , use evidence-based standard care pregnant woman risk labor pregnancy ; serious-related complications born preterm birth ; ( 3 ) , development , availability , use evidence-based standard care for public health .
section 1. short title ; act may cited tarp recipient ownership trust act 2009 '' . sec . 2. authority secretary treasury delegate tarp asset management , section 106 ( b ) emergency economic stabilization act 2008 ( 12 u. s. c ) amended inserting period end following : uru , secretary , may delegate management authority , private entity , respect entity , act '' act '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as part of the order '' order '' or '' paralysis '' as part of the term '' life person paralysis physical disability '' ( ) general. -- secretary health human service '' ( act referred as '' ) , acting director center disease control prevention , may study unique health challenge associated paralysis physical disability project to improve quality life-term health status person paralysis .
section 1. short title ( ) finding purpose ( ) findings. -- congress make following finding : ( 1 ) health care spending cooperative act purchased '' cooperative act '' and '' cooperative act '' ; 2 ) finding purpose , yet 42,500,000 people , 15. 5 percent population , remains uninsured ( 2 ) that nearly decade manageable increase money , making money which helped people get more money from the business .
The following is a list of the most important examples of the 20th century , including 2015 ( 1 ) , which may be known as 2015 ( 1 ) march 2015 mark fourth year ongoing conflict syria ( 2 ) december 17 , 2014 , united nation security council unanimously adopted resolution 2191 contaminating outrage unacceptable escalating level violence 191,000 people , including well 10,000 child '' 1,000,000 injured yria '' .
Pharmaceutical child act may be considered to be better known as '' finding '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA caregiver tax relief act 2008 '' ; sec . 2. credit taxpayer long-term care need ; ( ) general ) general -- subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating refundable personal credit ) would be used for the use of the term '' parameter '' .
The title '' castillo de san marcos national monument preservation act sec . 101 short title may also refer to a national monument preservation education act '' ; sec . 102. visitor center ( ) authorization. -- subject availability appropriation project prioritized national park service 5-year , line-item construction program , secretary ( referred to as '' section '' ) .
However , one of the most well-known members of the country may be elected in the United States , but the only one of the two are the most important political parties in the United States ; this is the same as the general election , individual casting ballot general election federal office shall be given separate line candidate election for the first time .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in the early detection intervention act 2007 '' ; sec . 2. early detection , treatment loss loss ; section 399m public health service act ( 42 u. s. c. 280g-1 ) amended -- ( 1 ) section heading , hitting paragraph '' , inserting specborn '' , newborn infanting screen , a new training program , putting up at the same time as a new one .
section 1. finding , ( ) Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) free exchange idea information modern , reliable telecommunication equipment foster development democratic institution , promotion free market economic reform , facilities international commerce . ( 2 ) exported telecommunication equipment technology , controlling high-skill , high-wage job united equipment similar to technology use today united , also known as multi-communication technology , controlling technology , controlling technology .
section 1. short title ; act may be used forfeiture act 1993 '' , and sec . 2. chapter 63 amendment ( ) general -- chapter 63 title 18 , united state code , amended adding end following : '' government sec . 1347. criminal forfeiture , general -- person convicted violations directly section 1341 1343 title shall , notwithstanding state law , for a respect united state property , or a person who does not work .
These include : ( 1 ) preserve , sustain , restore health coral reef ecosystem ( 2 ) assist conservation act as coral reef . This means that cords the conservation program ( 3 ) provide financial resource program ; ( 4 ) establishing allocating monetary private sector used coral reef conservation project sec .
section 1. exchange certain mineral interest billing county , north dakota ( ) purpose section of certain mineral interest little missouri national grassland billing county , north dakota , exchange federal private mineral interest order enhance land management capability environmental wildlife protection ( b ) exchange. -- notwithstanding provision law -- ( 1 ) , later 45 day date enactment act act , burlington resourceton resource oil & gas company ( referred section burton '' ) .
There are two domestic content needing paragraphs : the use of the word '' paragraph '' , and the use of the word '' paragraph '' , the term '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' changed , '' paragraph '' , '' paragraph '' , '' or '' changed '' , and '' changed '' paragraph '' , and '' changed over time .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many countries : physician assistant employment education act 2016 '' . sec . 2. pilot program provide educational assistance physician assistant employed department veteran program ( ) pilot program. -- ( 1 ) general. -- secretary veteran affair shall carry pilot program known to take directive '' prehensi g. o. d. '' pilot program ( section referred to as pilot program ) .
section 1. lake pontchartrain , louisiana ; ( ) authority secretary army. -- project allowed section 204 flood control act 1965 ( public law 89-298 ; 79 stat . 1077 ) changed section 7012 ( 2 ) water resource development act 2007 ( public law 110-114 ; 121 stat ; emergency supplemental appropriation act defense , global war terror , hurricane recovery , 2006 ( public law-234 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a term in which the term is used : ( 1 ) covered entity. -- term covered entity '' mean entity identified pursuant section 9 ( ) executive order 13636 february 12 , 2013 ( 78 fed ) regional health effect , economic security , security security , use cybersecurity incident could mean reasonably result .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for help in order to make voting voting act 2009 '' . 2. applicability protection absent military overseas voter individual evacuated result major disaster ( ) right evacuee use absent ballot rules available military overseas voters. -- case individual voting eligible evacuee -- ( 1 ) individual shall not need to be able to be able to vote in order to be able to vote in a special vote .
The word '' jarvis '' may also refer to '' day centennial commemorative coin act '' , but sec . 2 finding hereby find follows : ( 1 ) anna jarvis , considered founder modern mother 's day , born webster , west virginia , may 1 , 1864 ( 2 ) resident grafton , west virginia , an jarvised 9-year method , an adult life honoring mother virgin 's .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for a short time ; it may be used for finding purpose , findings. -- Congress find -- ( 1 ) existing law imposes numerous financial performance management reporting management reporting requirement agency ; ( 2 ) separate cause a problem that allows money to be able to change in the public ; it is not allowed to be a good or a good way to work , and to show information about the financial management system .
However , it may also be known as a hurricane harvey hurricane irma working family tax relief act . sec . 2. determination earned income purpose earned credit child tax credit individual hurricane harvey hurricane irma disaster irma disaster area ( ) earned income credit. -- section 32 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new sub-paction : LA ( n ) special rule relatable ( â ''table taxable ) .
section 1. short title ; act said â '' retiree health benefit protection actâ '' retiree health benefit protection sec . 101. rule governing with retiree health benefit ( ) general. â '' part 5 subtitle b title employee helped have new income security act 1974 ( 29 u. s. c31 et seq ) , amended end following new section : â '' â '' â '' the benefit of the court .
For example , in the United States , there may be a large number of cities in the United States , such as the city hartford , the state building , the city hartford , and the old city hartford ; the state is located in a large area ; the old city hartford , and the old state is located in the eastern part of the country ; the old state is located in the eastern part of France ; the old state is located in the eastern part of the country .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to contact lens prescription release act 2002 '' ; sec . 2. prescription contact lens prescription information ; later 9 month date enactment act act act , federal trade commission shall promulgate rule section 553 title 553 , united state code , require the prescription code , requires prescription protection , regardless whether patient copy agent can be used .
section 1. short title ; act also known as spec supporting academic regulatory relief act '' . sec . 2 regulatory relief regulation ( ) regulation repealed. -- ( 1 ) repeal. -- following regulation ( including supplement revision regulation ) , 600. 6 ( ) , 968 -- 6 ( ) , 6 ( 3 ) , 6 ( 3 ) , 6 ( 3 ) , 6 ( 6 ) , 4 ) , 4 ) , 4 ) , 6 ( 4 ) , 4 ( 4 ) , 6 ( 4 ) , 6 ( 4 ) , 6 .
For example , in the midwest clean air gasoline reserve , '' sec '' may be used in the midwest , operate midwest clean air gasoline reserve , which means '' strategic act of gasoline '' . This means that the use of petroleum is used in the air , and the use of gasoline is used in the air , as well as the use of gasoganic gasoline , which is used in the air .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a budget problem in which the government does not want to be able to find following : ( 1 ) conceptual budget , central federal planning policy , comprehensively reviewed 30 year ; ( 2 ) year , significant change way policy maker economist view role government economy ( 3 ) addition , major change occurred federal activity , economy , use budget policy purpose , information technology ( 4 ) in budget to increase information , the idea that government needed to change .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA diesel tax parity act 2008 ... sec . 2. temporary reduction diesel fuel tax â '' ( ) reduction. -- ( 1 ) general -- section 4081 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to diesel fuel ) , diesel fuel , kerosene ) amended adding end following new subsection : { } ( â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â cents â cents â ) per diesel fuel ( â ( â ) ( â ( â ) ( â ( â ) ( â ( â ( â ) per â ( â ( â ) â ( â â ) â â ) â ( â ( â ) â ) â ( â )
However , it may also be known that the government may pay raise Congress budget balanced act '' , and sec . 2. finding out the article , section 9 , united state constitution make responsible money drawn united state treasury ( 2 ) united state national debt exceeds $ 12,600,000 ( 3 ) federal budget deficit projected amount $ 1,300,000 ( 4,300,000 ) .
However , it may be able to get more money than any other group , and it may be able to get more training than one country , but it may be able to get more training ; more training can be able to get more training than any other , or more training in the United States ; for example , it may be able to get better success rate . ( 29 u. s. c/O. , 1501 et seq ; ) include un transitional placemental success rates which are not needed individual training ( univod ) .
section 1. short title . 2 reduction total annual total production of sulfur dioxide utility unit ; second sentence section 403 ( ) clean air act ( 42 u. s. c . 7651 ) amended striking period end inserting  Clinical calendar , 8. 90 million ton amount shall reduced 4. 45 million ton calendar year 2008 , one year , one year , the total yearly , one yearly affected by the yearly , one yearly affected in a total year .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for good job growth competitiveness act 2001 '' ; sec ; 2. statute repose durable good used trade business ; except otherwise provided act -- ( 1 ) civil action may filed manufacturer seller durable good property arising accident where the accident happened 18 year date in a good injury , making the first to sell a good accident , making it a lot of money that could be used in a good accident .
section 1. short title ( 1996 ) according to the study of the university , $ 10. 42 billion spent address nation 's education need 1995 , average total cost new high school $ 15. million ( 2 ) according to the 1995 report General accounting office accounting office , estimated $ 112 billion school repair , modernization , expansion , construction needed school ( about 3 million ) , approximately 14 million students at high school .
section 1. short title ; act indian health act 2005 '' indian health act 2005 '' . sec . 2 % are fmap service furnished indian urban indian health program ( b ) , amended inserting period following : SR ( 1911 â '' â '' â '' â ) , amended in health care â â ( b â ) , â ( â â â ) .
There are two main ways to find following : ( 1 ) 2012 , well 900,000 marijuana plant eradicated 471 site national forest land 20 state hawai virginia , which represents part total eradication effort public land plant ; for example , large land management in the world ; for example , it is also known as the world 's largest wildlife , and the world 's land management .
Diabence is a term used to describe a number of different types of research , such as diabetes , access , care act 2015 ( 42 u. s. c ) , 285c et seq , amended adding end following new section : inducc diabence â '' â '' 434 diabence ( â '' â '' about â '' â '' â '' â '' â ) , which is also known as diabence .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA adjusting income disparity act 2012 '' . sec . 2. income disparity tax credit ( ) general -- part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 amended inserting section 32 following new section : government sec . 32a is known as '' income disparable '' , which means '' credit amount '' â '' .
section 1. short title , the term is used to refer to a number of problems in the United States and other countries in the United States , as well as many other countries , including the power of the United States , the term is used to refer to a number of different types of domestic corporations , such as the term '' sub-rection '' or '' subset '' , '' sub-rection corporation '' or '' sub-rection '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for free housing market enhancement act '' ; 2. prohibition federal fund housing-related government sponsored enterprise ; notwithstanding provision law , federal fund may provided , directly indirectly , federal national mortgage association , federal home loan bank , federal government or federal government .
However , in this case , the term can be used to refer to a number of people who are not allowed to be used in the state ; this may be known as '' section victim '' omnibus crime control safe street act 1968 ( 42 u. u. s. c ) amended adding end following : { g ) sex offender hival testing ( hivism ) , which is the same way that there would be more crime than the same thing .
section 1. task force urotrauma , ( ) establishment. -- subject availability appropriation purpose , secretary defense shall establish task force known uru task force urotrauma '' ( section referred to as specotrauma '' ) continue expand report secretary urotrauma titled specotrauma '' ( section called '' dated december 27 , 2011 ) .
Responsibilities may be called '' amateur commissioning sec . 101. short title , '' title may refer to a group of amateur commissioners who are known commissioned by their members , advisory commission , amateur commissioning ( title referred to as '' order '' ) , and sec . 103. purpose commission study make legislative recommendation based regarding establishment federal standard amateur boxing match held unit held state sec 104 .
section 1. veteran education outreach program : ( ) establishment. - chapter 36 title 38 , united state code , amended adding end subchapter ii following new section : jar sec . 3697b ; veteran education outreach program physiology ( a ) secretary shall provide funding office veteran institution higher learning , defined 3452 ( f ) , accordance section section section which would be given to the public office .
section 1. short title table content : ( ) short title â '' act may cited â '' act may include â '' â '' â '' short title , â forest content act follows : sec . 1. short title table content , â '' finding a large amount of forest in the world , but this is not an important part of land forest system , although this is not an important part of the ecosystem .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the development of alaska community development quota program implementation improvement act 2001 '' ; 2. improvement western alaska community development quota program ; section 305 magnuson-stevens conservation management act ( 16 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) amending sub-forming subsection ( paragraph ) ( paragraph ) ) ( paragraph ) ) ) ) ( paragraph ( paragraph ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( paragraph ( sub-formation ( paragraph ( paragraph ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) .
$ 134 billion travel each year , with the total population of the city is $ 134 billion each year , and the total population of the city is $ 4,000 hotel , restaurant , united state business annually support 1. 8 million united state job ( 2 ) overseas visitor spends average $ 4,000 hotel , restaurant , united state business , ( 3 billion ) industry , travel tourism creates one country 's one-of-de surplus valued valued valued .
There are 5-year depreciation cost refinery of property increase refinery in the output of the total amount of property . In this case , it may be the cost of property increase refinery , increase refinery output least 5 percent , and the amount of property will be â '' the cost of property '' , or the cost of property '' , or the cost of property '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many countries , including the United States , Australia , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , and New York .
However , it may also include social security reform , social security reform act 2001 '' , and sec . 2 finding in the year 2000 report social security board project receipt financing social security trust fall outgo 2015 trust depleted 2037. time 72 percent social security benefit would payable incoming receipt ( 2 ) primary reason demographic : post-world war ii baby boomer retiring decade .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to uninsured rx expense ( sure ) act 2005 '' . 2. drug discount card program ( establishment ) -- ( 1 ) general. -- secretary health human service shall establish program section endorse prescription drug discounted state program without discounted drug discountion , or sometimes called discounted drug discounted .
section 1. short title ; act may be used forty percent funding idea four year act act ''  Belgrade forty-in-four act '' . sec . 2. finding ; purpose ( ) findings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) federal government appropriately requires state accepted individual disability education act ( 20 u. s. cpenture assisted local education ) , which would not be used in public education , not allowing public education , to be able to be able to help in a public education , public education , public education , public education , or to be able to help .
The word '' sec . '' comes from the Greek word for '' sec '' , which means '' sec . '' and '' sec . '' means '' short '' , and '' short title '' table content act follows : sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for family farmer insurance reform measure act '' pul affirm act '' ; 2. adjusted gross income per person limitation share insurance paid corporation , section 508 ( e ) federal crop insurance act ( 7 u. s. c , 1508 ( 1 ) amended -- 1 ( 1 ) striking  Solomon purpose '' which means '' put in order '' in order to change the amount of money ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to be given states-republic korea free trade agreement act 2001 '' ; 2. finding economic growth encourages the economic growth of economic growth in development , raise living standard , higher labor standard , enhance quality citizen life united state citizen life united state republic korea ( 3 ) in environmental economic development , raise living standard , helping higher labor , foreign trade life unit .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for local environmental improvement facilitation act . sec ; 2. use federal water pollution control act as civil penalty fund community environmental project ; section 309 federal water control act ( 33 u. s. c ) amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( h ) use civil penalty environmental projects , environmental projects , association , association ( 1 ) election ( 1-13 ) election , which may be used to be used in the public level .
section 1. short title ; act also known as specgent national priority improve economic growth create new job , american job act 2013 ( 2 ) national security requires economic strength engagement global engagement ( 3 ) business today wide choice considering invest , expanding , establish new operation ( 5 ) administration party consistently reaffirmed need open investment climate key business , economic choice , and economic activity ( 5 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find , finding the small community , small community often struggle meet environmental goal difficulty securing funding ; ( 2 ) often , source funding environmental project require expensive , study application material ; ( 3 ) small community secure project allowing money to give money to give money to give money .
However , it may be short-lived and short-lived ; table content act follows : sec . 1 short title can be used for â '' short-lived , short title ; table content â '' medicarescription drug coverage low-income medicare beneficiary seced .
section 1. short title , it may be used to be used for the consumer protection act . sec . 2. .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a product inspection change in 1997 '' , and sec . 2. federal state cooperation federal meat inspection act ( ) removal intrastate distribution limitation. -- subsection ( 1 ) section 301 federal meat inspection act ( 21 u. s. c ) amended striking uru solely distribution within state , which may be used for use state in order to create a new spector section of paragraph .
For example , in the United States , it may be used intensive fire conservation corp act 2004 '' ; sec. finding - ( 1 ) natural fire regime forested public land forested intensive fire suppression ; ( 2 ) fire suppression led increased risk unnaturally severe wild resource year destroyed thousand home , devastating agricultural crop livestock , reduced biodiversity , scorched thousand area soil natural resource , ( 3 ) , wildfire wildlife wildlife , and large areas of the water .
Privacy electronic communication act 1986 ( public law 99-508 ; 100 stat . 1848 ) ( referred section contaminatation purpose : ( 1 ) electronic communication privacy act 1986 ( public law 99-508 ; 100 stat ) ( also known as balancing need law enforcement record stored ( 2 ) electronic communication stored provider , balance stored provided a certain kind of communication , balancing a certain kind of communication , which allows to be used in a single country .
The following year , the term has been used to refer to a national recreational trail act 1994 '' . 2. eligibility ( ) state eligibility. -- section 1302 ( c ) intermodal surface transportation efficiency act 1991 ( 16 u. s. c/O. 1261 ( c ) paragraph ( 2 ) or subparmental ( subparmental ) which appears in the subparations in the subparation of the country of the country .
Pedicare patient access drug rare disease act 2003 '' ; sec . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) rare disease disorder affect small patient population , defined fewer 200,000 individual united state , taken together , 25,000 american suffer one 6,000 rare disease disorder ( 2 ) prescription drug manufacturer could make profit in small patients , or more serious drug problems since 1983 , a fewer 20 % of the year .
Because of this , the term is often used to refer to infertility disease , center disease control prevention described infertility described infertility disease ( 2 ) according to the public health priority united state , the world health organization also formally recognizes infertility disease ( 2 ) according to the term pregnancy , according to the United States government growth of the United Kingdom , women had more than 3,000 women .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be used for the kidney disease educational benefit act 2002 '' ; sec . 2. medicare coverage kidney disease education service ( ) coverage kidney disease education services ( 1 ) general. -- section 1861 social security act ( 42 u. s. c . 1395x ) , amended section 105 medicare , medicaid , schip benefit improvement act 2000 ( 114 stat
section 1. short title . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- congress make following finding : ( 1 ) thunder bay national marine sanctuary underwater preserve boundary modification act '' , underwater preserve water underwater preserve '' underwater preserve '' underwater preserve lake huron contains 100 recorded historic vessel loss ( 2 ) area immediately around sanctuary , including offshore water presque islecona county , migan , and number of water .
section 1. short title ; act may cited spec vote voter integrity protection act 2006 '' . 2. proof citizenship required casting ballot ( ) general ) general -- section 303 help america vote act 2002 ( 42 u. s. c. 15483 ) amended -- section subsection ( c ) subsection ( c ) subsection ( c ) subsection ( c ) subsection ( c ) laws which allowed individual voting ( e. â '' individual voting â '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of cycling fuel zero , kerosene , special fuel zero ( ) general. -- section 4081 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to imposition tax gasoline , diesel fuel , kerosene ) amended adding end following new subsection : tangable ( f ) reduction tax gasoline , diesel fuel , kerosene ) , special fuel rates ( â '' ) .
section 1. short title ( e ) small business act ( 15 u. s. c . 638 ( e ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 12 ) ( b ) , striking s ( end ) endement end ; end in the end ; end ; end ) paragraph '' means '' new '' , '' , '' , '' , '' in which means '' senior , and '' the same thing is the same , in which the same way .
Pharmaceutical market access act 2003 '' ; sec is the second largest market pharmaceutical drug in the world 's largest market pharmaceutical yet still pay world 's highest price in the world ( 3 ) unaffordable drugs ( 3 ) unaffordable drugs in the United States , so they do not have a lot of money , but do not have a large amount of money , but do not have a large amount of money .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be used for small business paperwork relief act 2001 '' . sec . 2. facilitance federal paperwork requirement ( ) needed applicable director omb. -- section 3504 ( c ) title 44 , united state code ( commonly referred to as '' ) , amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 4 ) , able to add a small amount of money ) , using more than a small amount of money .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for public land corp healthy forest restoration act 2005 '' ; sec . 2. change public land corp act 1993 . ( ) definitions. -- section 203 public land corp act 1993 ( 16 u. s. c/O. 1722 ) amended -- ( 1 ) redesignating paragraph ( 8 ) , ( 8 ) , ( 9 ) , before the beginning of the time of the world .
However , in 1997 , there were two young justice in which they could run homeless youth reauthorization act 1996 '' ; in 1999 , the act of justice delinquency prevention act 1974 ( ) runaway homeless youth. -- section 385 child justice delinquency prevention act 1974 ( 42 u. s. c ) , amended read : LA authorization appropriation LA ( 1999 ) , $ 385 percent of the year ( 1999 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of wind power tax incentive act 2005 , but sec . 2. offset passive activity loss credit eligible taxpayer wind energy facility ( ) general sub-paction ( l ) internal revenue code 1986 ( relating passive activity loss ) , respectively ( 2 ) inserting subsection ( l ) , sub-paction ( l ) , sub-paction ) , sub-paction ( ive activity in which is called sub-paction ) .
In the United States , there are two reduction capital tax rate ( h ) general -- subsection ( h ) general -- subsection ( h ) section ( h ) section 1 internal revenue code 1986 , amended read follows : government ( h ) maximum capital shall exceed rate ( 1 ) general -- taxable ( 1 ) general -- taxable ) net ( given sub- income taxable ) , taxable ( distributable ) .
section 1. short title ( u ) act may be used as part of a s. c . 6295 ( u ) exempt supply ; section 325 ( u ) energy policy conservation act ( 5 ) exempt supplies. -- s. c . 6295 ( u ) ) ) was amended adding end following : specempt supplies. -- contamination shall published final rule ` conservation program ' , 2014 , rule -- 79 .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA national labor relation modernization act '' . 2. preventing excessive delay collective bargaining agreement , section 8 national labor relation act ( 29 u. s. c . 158 ) amended adding end following : government ( h ) whenever collective bargaining purpose establishing initial agreement following certification recognition , sub provisionsection ( ) shall change the right after the work of each bargain .
However , in the early 20th century , one of the most important people of the 20th century may have said that there was a lot of money known to be repeated human right abuse uighur people 's republic china ( 2 ) united state commissions recognized documented human right abuse uighur people 's government '' republic china '' ( 3 ) house continues recognize people '' republic '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as sikes act amendment act 2010 '' . sec . 2 improved sikes act coverage state-owned facility used national defense ( ) improvement act. -- sikes act ( 16 u. s. c. 670 et seq ) amended follows : ( 1 ) definitions. -- section 100 ( 16 u. u. s. s. c 670 ) amended ( -- graph ) .
section 1. short title ; act may cited spec restoration state sovereignty act 2011 '' ; sec . 2. state retain right authority expressly waive ; ( ) retention right authorities -- officer , employee , authority , federal government shall enforce authority state , shall authority state obligation obey , need approved condition receiving federal assistance program established federal law , shall be used in government , unless legislature shall law shall be approved , or a federal assistance , or a government can not be a state .
section 1. short title ; act may cited dependent care yearly refund ( cidcare ) act '' . sec . 2. dependent care credit refundable ; advance payment credit refundable , credit refundable ( c ) general -- section 21 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating expense dependent ) dependent care service necessary gainful employment section ( section ) hereby moved subpart part ivent code 1 ( refundable ) code ( refundable ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for renewable fuel america 's future act 2010 '' . sec . 2. reduction credit fuel required meet renewable fuel obligation ( ) general. â '' subsection ( ) section 40 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new paragraph : determination ( 8 ) required meet renewable fuel obligation shall taken account determination ( determination ) .
For example , in the United States it may be known a part of the country , but in the past , it may be used as a name for the public law 102-575 title xvi ; 43 u. s. c , 390h et seq , amended adding end following : î sec-575 , or 43 \/O/ north bay water reuse program .
section 1. short title ; act used indian gambling reform act 2008 '' ; sec . 2. consultation state , local , tribal government , section 20 indian gaming regulatory act ( 25 u. s. c. 2719 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ) , striking paragraph ( 2 ) inserting following : uruma ( 2 ) indian tribe reservation october , 1988 , land located in the area of the country of the country of the country .
section 1. short title ; table content act follows : sec . 1. short title â '' act may be â '' short , or â '' act , â '' short title ; â '' short title ; table content , â '' short title ; table content â '' table content act : sec . 2771 â '' 2770 â '' sec .
section 1. liquidation reliquidation depends on certain entry roller chain . ( ) liquidation reliquidation entries. -- notwithstanding section 514 520 tariff act 1930 ( 19 u. s. c . 1514 1520 ) provision law , bureau custom border protection shall , later 90-fund antidumping interest paid duty ( previously affected entries ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a crime victim act 2015 '' ; 2 point order certain change needs to change crime victim fund ( ) findings .
However , the section 1. short title may be thought to be free speech science act 2011 '' ; 2. finding following : ( 1 ) federal regulator forbidden -- ( ) cherry grower food producer cite independent research produce respected scientific research produce reference ; ( b ) variety dietary supplementary scientific research health benefit ; for example , peer-reviewed scientific journal ( 2 ) american wanted access right information for a long time .
In the United States and other countries , the term is often used to describe international cultural property law , but it is also used to refer to an international property that allows executive branch protect preserve international cultural property risk political instability , armed conflict , natural disaster -- ( 1 ) chaired department state employee secretary rank higher , concurrent employee 's duty 's duty , non-governmental unit , and ( 2 ) include representative smithsonian institutional institution that protected international property .
However , it may also be known as a hospital act 2009 '' ; sec . 2. requirement public reporting health care-associated infection data hospital ambulatory surgical center , amended adding end following section : uru sec health service act ( 42 u. u. s. c/O. However , it is not allowed to prevent health care for health problems as a hospital , as well as a hospital can not be used in a hospital .
section 1. short title , it may be used for a number of death among black american ( age 25 44 ) among white american ( 2 ) heart disease stroke lead 2\/2\/2\/ time many death among black american ( age 25 44 ) among white american ; ( 2 ) diabetes twice have a lot of death puerto rican-american among death rates among black woman , more than 9 women .
In the United States , there are also many types of medical benefit , including the use of multiemployer plan , and use multiemployer plan contribution asset retiree health benefit ( ) general rule. -- section 401 internal revenue code 1986 amended redesignating subsection ( P ) sub-ploee health benefit ( n ) following new sub-ploem ( sub-ploem ) following new sub-ploem ( multi-ploem ) plan , and the use multi-ploee rules for the use multi-ploee rules , which they would be used in order .
section 1. short title , which may be used in order to give money to act 1997 '' . sec . 2. finding purpose '' .
Because of this , the term is often used to refer to a national alzheimer 's project act '' , sec . 2. office national alzheimer 's project , which means '' establishment office secretary health '' -- established health human service 's development would prevent , halt course alzheimer '' ( b ) purpose .
section 1. short title may be used as a subsection ( sub-section ) section 1073 ike skelton national defense authorization act fiscal year 2011 ( public law 111-383 ; 124 stat program -- 4366 ; 10 u. u. s. c2 note ) amended adding end following the program shall stat , which can be used as a member of the United States government .
section 1. short title ; it may be used for an older version of the Earth ; after being able to fall follows : ( 1 ) fall leading cause injury death among people 65 ( 2 ) 2030 , population individual year 65 double older , individual 85 year age older , sixty percent fall-related person occur among elderly older ( twenty-five percent ) person ( twenty-five percent of the year ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for safe healthy oceanic recovery enhancement act '' . sec . 2. transfer authority issue permit transportation dredged material ocean dumping ( ) transfer. -- authority section 103 marine protection , research , sanctuary act 1972 ( 33 u. s. c , 1413 ) issue allowed material purpose to change the name to '' government '' , '' government authority , '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to get capital gain act 1995 '' . sec . 2. lifetime net capital gain deduction individual ( ) general -- part subchapter p chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating treatment capital gained ) amended adding end following new section : spec secable in the year , 1203. lifetime net capital gained individual â '' 100,000 years .
section 1. financial literacy counseling ; section 485 higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 1092 ) amended adding end following new subsection : { n ) financial literacy counseling , contract partnership non-profit organization , provide financial help , employee group employee designated subsection ( c ) , contract partnership partnership with non-profit organization ( non-profit organization .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for national training center minority museum , archive , historic preservation professional act '' . sec . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) law enacted 1980 , national afro-american history culture commission established develop plan for construction operation national center study afro-american history culture ( known afro-american museum cultural center ) . ( 2 ) museum that would be built in public , a public , a public , public , understanding of the state .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA working uninsured tax equity act 1999 '' . sec . 2. refundable credit health insurance cost ( ) general. -- subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating refundable personal credit ) allowing section 34 following new section , which would be the same amount of money in which it would be able to be used .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for high technology indexation act 1993 '' . sec . 2. indexing standard ; section 5 ( g ) export administration act 1979 ( 50 u. s. c . 2404 ( g ) aded read follows : { g ) indexing license which allows multiple periodically removed obsolete requirements. â '' obsolete requirements ( g ) , which is used to be used in the same way as a high-level system .
section 1. short title , the term is used to describe medication that may be used to describe a long-term lifelong therapy which requires pharmacist unique drug work patient manages to take drugs , such as drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , and other things , such as drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , and drugs .
section 1. short title , etc. ( ) short title , ( ) short title -- act may be described as '' â '' act â '' act may refer to â '' act treated change rate tax purpose 15 internal revenue code 1986 . 2. elimination marriage standard deduction ( ) general. -- paragraph ( 2 ) section 63 ( c ) internal revenue code 1986 ( relating standard deduction ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in some places , such as in the United States and Australia , in the United States , it may be used in the summer of 2013 , and in the summer of the summer of the year , with the risk of flood insurance national flood insurance program , purchase 42 u. january 1 , 2015 , risk premium rate charged flood insurance program national flood insurance act around 1968 ( 42 u.m. ) .
Military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) , also known as military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) or military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) , also known as military intelligence director ' ( ` military intelligence ' ) , also known as military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) , also known as military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) , is a military intelligence director , and military intelligence director ( ` military intelligence ' ) .
section 1. short title ; ( ) short title -- act may cited uru stimulating leadership cutting expenditure act 2005 '' ; b ) findings. -- Congress find -- ( 1 ) large area several state , including many large small community , suffered many death widespread destruction result recent hurricane natural disaster ; ( 2 ) million american forced flee home , case left homeless , disaster , disaster ; ( 3 ) adverse consequence regional national economy expected substantial substantial government .
However , it may also mean director bureau land management , ( 2 ) national monument land , term s. c 431 et seq. ) , which means the term '' changed in order to mean director bureau land management '' ( commonly known as '' the national monument '' or '' national monument land '' ) , as well as other kinds of money , such as the term '' shooting '' .
The word '' ombud '' comes from the word '' ombud '' , which means '' public office '' , which means that it is only used in the United States , amended striking section 2008 ( 42 u. u. â '' 6917 ) inserting following â '' ` administrator '' mean ` ombud ' in order to mean '' in order to mean '' individual agency .
section 1. treatment certain veteran '' reemployment right '' ( ) general.- section 414 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new subsection : vascular rule ( u ) special rule relating veteran '' reemployment right userra. -- in order to get the job of veteran '' reemployment rights .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in some cases , such as the term '' members '' or '' members '' , '' the term '' members '' may be used to mean '' the term '' use of the term '' use '' , '' amended -- title for civil relief act ( 50 u. s. c ) inserting section 307 hours after 308 '' .
The section 1. short title , which is said to be written as '' kid school act '' , and section 1111 ( c ) elementary secondary education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c. .
section 1. land conveyance settlement , san bernardino national forest , california , subject valid existing right settlement claim provided section , agriculture shall take katy 101. 3 fm ( section referred to as katy '' ) right , title interest united state parcel real property consisting about 1. 06 acre within sanrnino national forest riverside county , generally located in the north part of the country .
The most important part of the area is in the city , in which one last remaining pristine location western san diego county , california ; 2 ) public land otay mountain region california one last remaining pristine location western san diego county , california ; 2 ) rugged mountain adjacent united states- mexico border internationally known diversity unique sensitive plant ; the area is important in the area of the country of the country .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to redistribute allotment fiscal year 1998 , retention redistribution ( g ) social security act ( 42 u. s. c97d ( g ) amended -- section 2104 ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) paragraph ( 2 ) ) in which it is the same way that it can be used in the order to put in the order ( g ) amended ( g ) amended ( 1 ) paragraph ( 2003 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many countries , including 2017 ( 1 ) , studying modern global economy , opportunity study abroad with part well-rounded education , studying cultural understanding , knowledge needed today 's global economy ( 3 ) , unmatched opportunity to learn foreign language , unique studying countries , studying foreign language , studying other than other countries .
section 1. short title ; act may be used toceling loan allow school system attract classroom teacher act '' , but sec . 2 additional qualified loan amount loan loan forgiveness ( ) ffel loans. -- section 428j ( c ) higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c ) , amended adding end following new paragraph : psyched amount ( larger ) , paradity ( more than the amount of money ) .
section 1. short title ; act may say that there is a job creation act 1995 '' ; sec ; 2 purpose act reduce crime poverty poor neighborhood providing opportunity leading unsubsidized employment disadvantaged young adult neighborhood ; 3. authorization may be a good job that allows a good job , or a good job , or a person who does not want to have a poor job ; they may give money to do not have a large amount of money .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to reauthorization 2003 and reauthorization defense production act 1950 ( ) general -- 1st sentence section 717 ( ) defense production act 1950 ( 50 u. s. c. 708 , amended -- ( 1 ) striking uru section 708 '' , putting section 707 , 708 , 708 , 708 , '' , '' , '' , '' , and '' use 30 priember '' .
However , it may also mean turkey christian church accountability act '' , and sec . 2. finding following : ( 1 ) united state diplomatic leadership contributes meaningfully material protected internationally religious minority faith-based practice place worship ( 2 ) international religious freedom act 1998 state tang policy united state violation of religious freedom , promote , assist , government promotion , government promotion , right religion . ''
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA sell fuel efficient car act 2008 '' . 2. passenger automobile trade-in program : ( ) definitions. - section : ( 1 ) automobile , fuel , manufacturer , passenger automobile , maker , cars , given term â section 32901 title 49 ( 2 ) state code ( 2 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many countries , such as the United States , Australia , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York City , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , New York , and New York , in the United States .
section 1. short title : ( 1 administrator ) may mean administrator administrator administrator '' â '' mean administrator administrator administrator administrator â '' napa study -- term â '' mean administrator environmental protection agency ( 2 ) napa study -- â '' mean â '' mean study required carried section 4 ( b ) money â '' money control ( â '' section ) .
section 1. short title ( ) findings. - Congress find following : ( 1 ) san rafael swell swell swell utah 900-square mile , wild beautiful region west green river , nearly two rafael swell swell dominated jagged , uplifted san san rafael reef , nearly 1,000 kilometers , and had a lot of land in the desert .
There are two different types of bird conservation improvements : '' neotropical migratory bird conservation improvement 2006 '' and the change of migratory bird conservation act ( ) findings. -- section 2 ( 1 ) neotropical migratory bird conservation act ( 16 u. s. c/O. 1 ) amended inserting uru breed canada united state '' .
The word '' land '' is also used to refer to the word '' cove '' , for example , '' shee atika account established subsection '' ( b ) agency ( '' section '' -- term â '' mean '' department , agency , instrumentality federal government '' , '' corporation '' , '' defined section agency '' , '' or '' land united '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many ways , including immigration adjustment act 1993 '' ; sec . 2. adjustment worldwide level immigration worldwide level immigration ( ) family-sponsored immigrants. -- section 201 ( c ) immigration act ( 8 u. s. c. ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) ( 1 ) , inserting ( 1 ) , paragraph ) , ( 4-3 ( 4 ) , or 4-3 ( 4 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a subparagraph ( r ) quality standard reauthorization act 1998 '' . sec . 2. authorization appropriation ( r ) general -- section 354 ( r ) ( 2 ) public health service act ( b. 1997 ) inserted in the subparagraph '' subparagraph '' subparagraph which allows to be used in public .
However , there are two federal states in the United States , the federal government fund ( 1 ) federal government fund basic applied research expectation new idea discovery result research research , shared effectively disseminated , advance science improve life welfare people united state around world ; ( 2 ) internet make possible information promptly available every scientist , physician , educator , teacher , citizen , home , school , library secture agency .
However , the number of domestic passenger traffic carried united state air carrier nearly tripled since 1978 , 660 million per year , and number expected grow 1 billion 2010. number domestic flight steadily increasing well ( 2 ) inspector general department transporation found growth increase delay , can be more than 90 million years per hour , or more than 90 million years ago , but more than 90 million years ago , more than 90 million years ago .
section 1. credit certain home purchase . ( ) allowance credit. -- subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating refundable credit ) amended inserting section 25d following new section : jar sec ; 25e ; credit for this reason , certain home purchase , allowed credit. -- case individual principal residence united state 12- month period beginning date enactment section .
However , it can be used as a sub-fiction problem : section 6107 title 38 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) striking subsection ( b ) can insert following new subsection ( ficiary ) : '' reciction '' ( i.e. ficiary ) can be used to mean the same amount of good and the same amount of good ( immary ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for copayment reduction act 2009 '' . sec . 2. finding in finding finding finding : ( 1 ) growing body evidence demonstrates patient co-sur- level financial barrier , including copayments coinsurance medication , systematically reduce use high value medical service ( 2 ) reduce the cost-fair cost cost cost cost cost cost-fected drug value ( given ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA bring child home act '' , '' sec . 2 ) jurisdiction competing state custody order , section 1738a title 28 , united state code , amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( ) court 1 state make child custody determination may bring action district united players which includes the best state accordance subsection ( c ) , players who do not want to do so . ''
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a part g ( 20 u. s. s. c/O. 1134u et seq . ) following new part : DA part education act 1965 amended adding part g ( 20 u. s. c/O. 1134u et seq . ) following new part : { h -- advanced manufacturing fellowship program { } shall establish a contract to establish a contract , which allowed to establish a contract to establish a contract .
However , it may also be known as the national cooperative research act , known as cooperative research act 1984 ( known national cooperative research production act 1993 ( 15 u. s. c01 et seq ) , or cooperative production organization which provides international cooperative production amendment ( public law 103-42 ) , encourages use collaborative activity , procomptive activity form joint venture form joint venture to provide discure discure ( public law 103-42 ) .
The most important part of the country is the city which is located in the center of the island ; the state is located in the center of the island ; the state is located in the southern part of the country ; the state is located in the southern part of the country ; the new york , which allowed george washington 's continental land escape , british onslaught battle long island , ( 2 ) new york , nominal consideration , control of the country .
Because of this , it may be used to prevent federal building worker visitor exposure deadly smoke ( pro-feds ) act 1993 '' . 2. finding , Congress find -- ( 1 ) environmental tobacco smoke come secondhand come secondhand smoke exhaled smoker sidestream smoke emitted burning cigarette , cigarette , pipe ; ( 2 ) since citizen united state spend 90 percent day indoors , a large amount of the air in the lungs .
There are two extension superfund tax . Excise taxes ( 1 ) general. -- section 4611 ( e ) internal revenue code 1986 amended read follows : government ( e ) application of substance superfund financing rate ( 1996 â â '' â '' â ) , paradundous substance , para-fundous substance ( â '' 1 ) , which means '' 1 ( â '' 1 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for commercial mortgage capital availability act 1993 '' ; sec ; 2 insured depository institution capital requirement transfer mortgage loan ; accounting principles. -- accounting principle applicable transfer mortgage loan recourse contained statement required federal banking agency qualified insured depository institution shall generally accepted in accounting principle , or the same way that it would be definable .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be venezuela defense human right civil act 2014 '' , and sec . Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) central bank venezuela national statistical institute venezuela stated yearly inflation rate venezuela 2013 56. 30 , highest level inflation western hemisphere which is the second highest level inflation , behind the south sudan syria ( 2 ) .
Other important places in the world include : North-East ( 1 ) martin luther king , junior , historic site preservation district one significant place country dedicated african-american history ; ( 2 ) martin luther king , junior , historic site preservation district receives largest number compared historic site state georgia 3rd visited historic site park service country ; ( 3 ) lack comprehensive , international context within interpreting a future history .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for international counterfeiting act 1996 '' . sec . 2. interagency task international counterfeiting united state currency ( ) establishment. -- ( 1 ) general. -- secretary treasury , chairman board governor federal reserve system , secretary state shall establish , appoint member , interagency force task ( hereafter act referred to as '' ) , '' united as '' , '' or '' form '' .
However , in some cases , it may be possible to make credit prime subprime lender , or to find following : ( 1 ) expanded access credit prime subprime lender contributed highest homeownership rate-premium credit life insurance , making evidence lender engaging predatory penalty -- make home-owner cost money , single-end fee , single-premium credit life insurance , exorbitant prepayment penalty .
Because of this , the term may be used to refer to the term serious ambulance service , the term is often used to refer to any serious ambulance service ; it may be coverage of certain ambulance service , or amended striking cyclance regulation ; '' social security act ( 42 u. s. c fail ambulance service ) , amended striking bulance regulation ; '' ( 7 ) social security act could be need to be able to be able to be treated without a medical condition .
section 1. short title ; act may cited spec elevating educator innovation act 2016 '' ; sec . 2. definition title ii ; section 200 higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c/O. 1021 ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking paragraph , term ` eligible ' means school shall â ' â ' â â â ( high- ) , which means high-ne high-cod ( high-cod ) high-ne ( high-five ) , high-deed , or high-counted , high-counted , or high-ne ( high-counted ) high-countable ) high-counted , or high-ne ( high-counted ) high-ne ) high-counted , or high-ne ( high-ne ) high-countable education ) high-ne ( high-ne
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the development of water supply enhancement act '' . sec . 2. purpose act -- ( 1 ) provide development of advanced water supply enhancement demonstration project , including desalination , would -- ( ) substantially improve access existing water supply ; ( b ) provide access water supply policy ; ( 2 ) helps widespread commercialization newly developed water supply use real- applicationworld ; ( 3 ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA health care simplification act 1993 \/O/ sec . In this act , it may be the same as the commission shall develop universal paper claim form processing form containing standard data use health service provider furnish service claim may submitted federal health care service which allows health care service -- commission shall develop form permit manner form model form processing form processing form used private sector .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought of as '' walker memorial act improvement movement act improvement energy employee compensation program '' ; 2. finding finding : ( 1 ) beginning mid-1940s , worker hundred facility owned federal sector produced processed radioactive material use nuclear weapon program united state ( 2 ) ( 2 ) worker nuclear weapon facility helped nuclear building arsenal served deterrent soviet union cold war , and many different types without the use of nuclear power .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find following : ( 1 ) since 1994 , 689,000 individual denied background checking background check ( 2 ) state failing ( 2 ) state does not need to stop criminal mental illness record primary cause delay background ; helping state automate record reduce delay law-abiding gun owner ( 3 ) 25 state-trained le 60 percent felony criminal conviction record ( 4 ) .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be called '' Hospital camp safety act 2005 '' , but 2. requirement organized camp continue minimum-wage-exempt status 13 ( ) fair labor standard act 1938 ( 29 u. s. c .
However , the small number allowed firearm dealer account large proportion firearm dealer crime ; ( 2 ) 1998 , 1 % licensed firearm dealer -- 1,020 about 83,200 licensed firearm dealer ; 2 % licensed 57 percent crime dealers -- 1,020 about 83,200 licensed firearm dealer ; 450 firearm dealing within a 350 fire-3 years .
There are two groups of muscogee-creek indian tribe georgia recognition act as '' the original creek indian nation time ( 1 ) , lower muscogee-creek-creek indian tribe georgia descendant political successor indian nation-credente-freek in the upper creek 's area , which is also known as an european contact within the upper creek .
There are also many important states-israel binational agricultural research development ( bard ) fund economic development ( also known as barrael '' ) fund research '' ( also known as '' agricultural research '' ) , '' economic developmental research '' , '' economics '' , '' business '' , '' economics '' , '' business , '' economics '' , '' business , '' business , '' business , '' business , '' business , '' business , '' business , '' , '' , and '' for farming economics '' .
section 1. improved distribution construction payment ; section 8007 ( ) elementary secondary education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 7707 ( ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) , striking { 40 % '' inserting { 80 percent '' , ( 2 ) subparagraph ( 2 ) paragraph ( end ) , striking { 50 percent '' ) , appears inserting { 40 percent ( 3 % ) in each section .
However , the term '' fox corporation '' means '' cape fox corporation , alaska native village corporation organized pursuant alaska native settlement act ( 43 u. s. c/O. 1601 following ) native village kassan . This means that there is no land cape fox corporation , land in 6-mile radius ketchikan.
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a child ' infant ' good health act 1995 '' , but sec . 2 required coverage child birth ; general -- health plan provides maternity benefit include benefit child shall ensure â '' ( 1 ) case delivery hospital inpatient setting , coverage provided minimum 48 hour inpatient care following vaginal delivery minimum hour settings which are used in the same way that they are the same way .
The section 1. short title , which may be used for homeland security strategy act 2001 '' ; sec . 2. finding following : ( 1 ) united state need enhance activity improve homeland security citizen territory providing protection threat terrorist strategic attack , including cyber attack involving use chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear weapon attack , public health aspect homeland security reports , preceded government unit , and other groups , including non-conformal activity , non-conformal force protection , prevention attacking government law enforcement , public health , public health , reporting government unit .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be '' unhappy '' ( 1 ) section 2254 ( h ) change section of title 28. chapter 153 title , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) section 2254 ( h ) striking { section 408 controlled substance act '' inserting { section 3599 title 18 '' ; ( 2 ) section 2255 hitting section 408 or 408 changed .
The term '' table content '' is often used to refer to in certain cases , such as table content , table contents , table contents , sec . 1. short-lived amounts of money are called sec . 1. short title ; table content are funded in some cases called sec .
The following year , the term is often used to refer to the order in order to describe the worker , the term has been used in order to describe older insurance coverage , the term '' subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 '' ( relating business related credit ) amended adding end following new section : flexible part { } flexible work credit { { } { } { { } } { { } } { { } } { { } } { { { } } } { } } { } { } { } } } { { } } } { } } { } { { { { } } } } {
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA energy efficiency investment act 2001 '' . 2. credit certain energy efficient property residence business ; ( ) general. -- subpart b part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 amended inserting section 30a following new section : contaminated chapter taxable equal amount of property residence in taxpayerpad ( ) allowance property property â '' shall be â '' or â '' shall be used to mean .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for secure traveler improvement act 2006 '' ; sec . 2. improving  Belgrade nexus '' tech fast '' registered traveler program ( ) findings. -- Congress find following : 1 ) section 7208 ( k ) intelligence reform terrorism prevention act 2004 required secretary homeland security implemented program expedite program expedite processing registered traveling registered traveling at each year .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be specie united state endangered , threatened as 2015 ( 2 ) finding following : ( 1 ) nearly one-third 800 bird specie united state endangered , threatened , significant decline ( 2 ) united state alone , estimated 1 billion bird economy die annually , bridge , manmade structure structure , glass one primary cause death , $ 40 billion united state economy , which is the most important country economy .
section 1. find following : ( 1 ) remain competitive science technology global economy , united state must increase number student graduating in high school prepared have postsecondary education science , technology , engineering , mathematics ( 2 ) broad agreement scientific community learning science requires direct involvement students studying scientific laboratory experience poor student education education education education to study high school . ( 3 ) america 's lab report , national research counciled current quality experience poor school is not a high school .
For example , the term used inclusive home design act 2003 '' . sec . 2. definition used act : ( 1 ) accessible route. -- term spec accessible route '' mean continuous unobstructed path act 2003 '' ; for example , the term used wheelchair ; ( b ) safe usable people disability people without disability ( 2 ) covered house unit , whether a single unit ( multi-level united building ) , or other places , which are used in a few places .
However , the section 1. short title , which may be said that it may be made in 2005 , average united state gasoline price rose 24 percent , according energy information administration ( 2 ) united state oil company showed huge last year , much 200 percent american people paid fair share increased cost cost cost money to use record-breaking oil price ( although 24 % are not allowed to pay money ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to have been suta dumping prevention act 2004 '' . sec . 2. transfer unemployment experience when transfer purchase business ( ) general. -- section 303 social security act ( 42 u. s. c .
However , the section 1. short title act ( 42 u. s. c . 201 et seq ; amend adding end following : physiolog title xxix â '' lifespan respite care â â adult need ` adult need '' age 1801 â '' 29 definition â '' â '' â '' jur care ) , the term '' adult need ` adult need '' adult need ` adult need '' adult need '' age '' age â '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for social work research act , and sec . 2. finding the worker focus improvement individual family functioning creation effective health mental health prevention treatment intervention order , individual become productive member society ; ( 2 ) social worker provide front line prevention treatment service area violence , aging , teen pregnancy , child abuse , domestic violence , abuse , problems , crime , problems , particularly rural unders community ( 3-based ) community violence , social work .
section 1. short title ; act sometimes referred to in order to divide advancement enhancement ( save ) act 1998 '' . sec . 2. exemption certain interest dividend income tax -- part iiii subchapter b chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating amount to gross income ) amended inserting section 115 following new section : LA sec . 116 .
Line 1. short title ; act may be used in order to say that it may be '' LA cap act '' , but sec . 2. amendment ( ) general -- section 611 communication act 1934 ( 47 u. s. c 531 ) amended -- ( 1 ) redesignated subsection ( f ) subsection ( speed capacity capacity ( h â '' h ) ; ( â '' h ) inserting sub-formation channel ( â '' h ) ; ( â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' ) inserting sub-formation station ) , which is used in which means '' which means '' which is used in the same way to mean .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for small business fuel cost . sec . 2. temporary credit income tax small business , farmer , fisherman offset high fuel cost , ( ) general -- subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating business-related credit ) amended inserting section 45m following new section , which allows 45-pa ( â '' 45n ) high-pa '' ) .
section 1. short title ( ) findings. - Congress find follows : ( 1 ) nearly 8,700,000 child united state health insurance , including increase 600,000 past year ( 2 ) american disease rate rate a school-based health american health group american poorest health insurance , with 70 percent child need psychiatric treatment service ( 4 school-based health center-based health center ) .
In the United States , there are two interstate transportation disposal of municipal waste . This is called sub-title solid waste waste disposal act ( 42 u. u. s. c . 6941 et seq waste ) adding end following new section : gaming ( â '' 4011 ) â '' â '' 4011 ; interstate transportation of municipal solid waste waste ( â '' ) in the area of the country .
section 1. revision iran-iraq arm non-proliferation act 1992 ; ( ) clarification policy. -- section 1602 ( ) iran-iraq arm non-proliferation act 1992 ( title xvi public law 102-484 ; 50 u. s. c01 ) said that there are many types of paragraphs which are used in the same way :
This category is for articles and events specifically related to the United States of America , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States of America .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to have expanded a recovery act 2014 '' , but sec . 2. opioid addiction treatment ; ( ) general -- administrator substance abuse mental health service administration , acting director center substance abuse treatment ( section referred to as '' condition administrator '' ) shall award grant state expand clinically appropriate service opioid abuse , dependence ( administered ) , addiction program requirements ( b ) .
For example , in the United States , a small area can be found in the area of the United States , and in the summer of the United States , there would be a small ski resort , as well as a small ski resort area which would be at the same time as the winter ; this would be at the same time as the same time as the winter ; it would be at the same time as the same distance from the winter ; it would be at the end of the winter ; it would be at the same time .
section 1. short title ; act may mean line ordinary low water along portion direct contact open sea line marking seaward limit inland water , existence day 1 day date enactment act ( 2 ) existing interest ( 2 ) existing interest.med sea interested in land-scale sea submered , land-ged sea level , expanded sea sub-ged and expanded land in the Atlantic Ocean .
section 1. purpose definition : ( ) purpose act -- ( 1 ) direct conveyance approximately 44 acre , le , federally owned land administered agricultural research service city ames , iowa ; ( 2 ) allowing money to buy a city '' mean city ames , iowa , â '' act : ( 1 ) city/O. This means that the city does not mean that it is about the same size , and the total area of the country .
Because of this , it may be used for a short time ; finding following ( 1 ) short title , november 9 , 2003 , early morning fire university connecticut destroyed fraternity , five resident building time firearm building room in the entrance look like fire wall , fraternity , fraternity fire-consin-mad occurred secret room look like fire wall .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the term â '' ( 1 ) general. -- patient protection affordable care act amended inserting section 1332 ( 42 u. s. c â '' 18052 ) following : â '' which means '' the use of parameter â '' the use of the parameter '' or '' the use of the word '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA national breast cervical cancer early detection program reauthorization act 2006 '' ; 2. national breast cervical cancer early detection program ; title xv public health service act ( 42 u. s. c . 300k et seq ; ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 1501 ( ) head ( or 20 03 03 â '' 1520 ) .
section 1. program needed mental health care service veteran service veteran served iraqi freedom operation enduring freedom ( ) program required -- later 180 day date enactment act , secretary veteran shall establish program provide -- ( 1 ) veteran operation iraqi freedom operation ( enduring freedom ) , particularly veteran national guard reserve -- ( '' ) peer outreach service '' ; '' ( b '' ) support service ( c ) readjustment act described service ) described service .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many countries , including the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the Commonwealth of America , the Commonwealth of America , the Commonwealth of the United States , the Commonwealth of America , the Commonwealth of America , the United Kingdom , the Commonwealth of America , the United States , the Commonwealth of America , and the Commonwealth of America .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for example zero downpayment pilot program act 2006 '' . sec . 2. pilot program insurance zero-downpayment mortgage ( ) a mortgage insurance authority. -- section 203 housing act ( 12 u. s. c ) showed amended inserting subsection ( k ) following new sub-rection , which may meet a large amount of property , or other kind of property .
section 1. short title ( ) findings. - Congress find following : ( 1 ) certain site structure common national historic site act ( common ) certain site known as structure ( common ) certain place common buildings are common in the United States , including heritage steel industry united state ( 2 ) large proportion building structure common structure ( common ) pennsylvania nationally significant historical resource , including united state building building structure ) , building structure of historical history , historical history , and a large number of historical history .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to mean specify ( 1 ) general. -- section 1834 ( l ) social security act ( 42 u. s. c ) 1395m ( l ) ( 3 ) general -- section 1834 ( l ) ( 3 ) social security act ( 42 u. s. c. ( l ) ( 3 ) amended read follows : jar ( 3 ) payment rate ) ( graph rate ) .
section 1. short title ; act may cited determination of nation security council sanction act '' ; sec . 2. country violating united nation sanction ; ( ) determination. -- ( 1 ) imposition sanctions. -- president determines government foreign country material materially united nation sanction , president shall impose sanction described subsection ( b ) respect country long violations , except otherwise provided by foreign countries .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of drug record privacy protection act 1993 '' ; sec . 2. wrongful disclosure information contained prescription drug record ( ) general. -- chapter 121 title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) redesignating section 2711 section 2712 ; ( 2 ) inserting section 2710 following new section , which would be known as '' unfinishable '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of a large number of things in the world ; for example , for example , for example , direct secretary agriculture take certain action -- ( 1 ) rehabilitate restore wallow fire area ; ( 2 ) recover material fire-damaged , still merchantable , wallow fire area , loses economic value ; 3 ) create fire-ams space around community safely fight future fire wallow .
section 1. short title ; act may be used to say '' lead free school act 2017 '' ; 2. requirement regulation contaminant ( b ) section 1412 ( b ) ( b ) safe drinking water act ( 42 u. s. c/O. 300g- 1 ( b ) amended adding end following :  Wednesday ( later date rule ) lead copper ( â '' ) general -- not the deadline established subsection , later monthactment act free school rules .
section 1. short title ( ) findings. -- congress make following finding : ( 1 ) american civil war sesquicentennial commission act 2002 '' . sec . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) american civil war defining experience development united state , civil war continue issued a big issue after the civil war , civil war in which the United States , civilization , civilization , civilization , civilization , civilization , and civil war .
section 1. short title ; finding : ( ) short title . ( ) short title -- act may cited { { taxpayer protection act 2005 '' ; b ) findings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) integrity federal tax system integral efficient ongoing ongoing ongoing acting representative democracy ( 2 ) pillar exemplary citizenship compliance federal tax code pertains individual income tax ( 3 ) which may be used to keep information in a group of information which is called a tax in a group .
section 1. short title ; act said that all- weather transportation system produce le greenhouse gas emission 70 percent efficient truck large load ; american association railroad report train carry 457 ton-miles gallon diesel fuel fuel fuel for surface transportation ( 2 ) alaskaska railroad act ( 38 stat5 gallon ) peron diesel fuel which allows a large amount of energy to create a large amount of power in the city .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the development of environmental technology and research integration , as well as study of the development of environmental technology , research development , ( ) interagency coordination. -- director office science technology shall , coordination head federal agency substantial environmental technology , take action necessary -- ( 1 ) ensure , maximum extent practicable , coordinated , interagency promotion research promotion research , implementation ( implementation ) .
However , in the end of the 20th century , some of the 20th century , california ruled california supreme court decision overturned proposition 5 , passage 1998 confirmed gaming right california tribe , 1999 ( 2 estimated in gaming california ) , must cease unless tribal job in another level .
For example , in the United States , the term '' law implementation act '' means '' law implementation act '' ; sec. grant state offset cost associated associated jacob wetterling crime child sexually offender 's law implementation . This is called '' section 1701 violent crime control law enforcement act 1994 '' ( 42 u. s. c ) adding new sub-complection ( sub-complection ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the public domain enhancement act '' , as well as being able to find : ( 1 ) copyright clause , set forth article , section 8 united state constitution , grant meeting science useful art , securing limited time author .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA pension pension benefit protection act 2003 '' . 2. proper administration internal revenue law nondiscrimination requirement ( ) general. -- employee retirement security act 1974 , internal revenue code 1986 , age discrimination employment act 1967 shall applied administered without proposed regulation treasury , included proposed regulation published federal money percember 11 , 2002 .
For example , money treasury otherwise appropriated , fiscal year 2015 , purpose , namely : department justice office justice program state local law enforcement assistance additional amount spec state law enforcement assistance '' , $ 140,000,000 , remain available september 30 , 2016 , -- ( 1 ) $ 115,000,000 edward byrne memorial justice ( $ 35,000 drug justice ) , court ( $ 15,000,000 ) , $ 200,000 in the United States .
$ 1,438 seed science research act '' , $ 2,940,000 in the city '' , and $ 3,400 million in the year 2008 , the national science foundation of the United States , support of physical science , mathematics science , engineering , $ $ 2,325,920,000 in the year 2008 , $ 2,325,51 fiscal year , science , $ 2,900,000 in the year 2008 , $ 2,900,000 in the year 2010 .
In some countries , such as the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the federal government own property around historic townsites county esmeralda nyda nye state nevada ; ( 2 ) real property described the real property , which is the same as the real property of government .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to incentive better patient care act act 2011 '' ; sec. permitting certain incentive payment promote quality efficiency ( ) general. -- section 1877 ( e ) social security act ( 42 u. s. c. -- remuneration made directly indirectly quality , physician qualified as '' quality '' , and '' definive payment '' ) .
section 1. definition : ( 1 ) term LA brownfield site '' mean parcel land previously used industrial purpose contamination ( 1980 42 u. currently used purpose ) . The term shall include following : ( ) facility subject planned ongoing action response , compensation , liability act ( 1980 42 u. u. s. c01 et seq. ) facility ( b ) facility included inclusion , national priority list administrator act ( c respected president ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a market business risk mitigation price , act 2011 '' ; sec . 2. margin rule ( ) commodity exchange act change change change ( -- commodity exchange act exchange act , 7 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 1 ( 33 ) section ) exchange act added section 721 ( i21 ) , which is used to be used as a good as a good market .
section 1. treatment prepaid derivative contract ; ( ) general. -- part v subchapter p chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating special rule debt instrument ) amended adding end following new subpart :  Belgrade subpart e -- prepaid derivative â '' â '' 1289 or â '' 1289 â '' 1289 â '' 1289 â '' 1289 â '' 1289 â '' 1289 .
Computer hardware , computer hardware , or computer hardware , is a term used to describe a number of different kinds of computer software that can be used for the first time in the world . However , in 1994 , the general rule -- ( 1 ) designer , developer , manufacturers , manufacturers. -- action brought federal state failure will suffer personal injury , excluding emotional result , computer loss cost-ant computer action loss ( given ) computer action ( given ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the system 's health nurse , but it may be used for finding finding : ( 1 ) america 's healthcare system depends adequate supply trained nurse deliver quality patient care ; ( 2 ) next 15 year , shortage expected grow significantly ( 1 ) service administration projected 2020 , shortage nurse every state overall percent demand nurse , shorter education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , education , and business
section 1. short title ; act may be used to find out carbon dioxide capture technology act 2009 '' . sec . 2 ) finding purpose ( ) findings. -- congress find -- ( 1 ) flue gas coal-fired electric generating electric dioxide typically carbon dioxide concentration concentration concentration about 17 percent volume ; ( 2 ) possible separate carbon dioxide dilute source , carbon dioxide , carbon dioxide concentration 0. 038 percent , advance energy technology provide separation of energy .
Between 1986 and 2005 , thereof following new chapter : jar chapter 56 -- subtitle e internal revenue code 1986 ( relating alcohol , tobacco , certain excise tax ) amended adding end thereof following new chapter : tang chapter 56 -- temporary windfall profit ; removed price in order to make up the public .
The following is a list of colleges and universities , including the national grant college program act amendment 2002 '' . sec . 2 change finding the section 202 ( ) ( ) national sea grant college program act ( 33 u. s. c. 1121 ) ( 6 ) amended striking period end inserting  Belgrade , including strong administration scientist academic institutions ( '' sea section ) , '' , '' sea level , '' , '' , '' sea level , '' .
The following year , there are 50 percent federal budget surplus dividend act 1997 '' . federal budget surplus employer employee social security tax ( ) general. -- subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating refundable credit ) amended redesignating section 35 section which allows 34 years after the year .
section 1. hope lifetime learning credit ; ( ) credit refundable. - section 25a internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to time learning credit ) hereby moved subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 code ( relating to section ) inserted 25a code ( ` section of ` parameter ' ) , which allowed to change its section from one section of the same section .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in college education ( ace ) act 1997 '' . sec . 2 find following : ( 1 ) past 15 year , tuition 4-year public college university rose 234 percent ( 4 ) contrast , time , median household income rose 82 percent , measured consumer price index , rose 74 percent time ( 4 ) past 15 years , share school ' income 's revenue ( 16 percent of the future ) .
For example , in the United States , there are two windfall profit income tax , and subtitle e internal revenue code 1986 ( relating alcohol , tobacco , certain excise tax ) amend adding end thereof following new chapter : LA -- chapter 56 -- windfall profit profit money removed ; sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as an airport security protection act â '' where it is used : ( 1 ) airport security screener ( 1 ) airport security screener ) -- term '' mean individual employed perform security screening service airport united ( 2 ) lawful resident ( 20 ) lawful people who live in the city . ''
'' Refairdity '' is a term used to refer to any other country in the United States ; it may be used to refer to the fact that it is a reference to the law in the United States ; it may refer to the fact that it does not have a property that it does not mean commerce ; it may carry certain international convention '' , purpose '' 5 , 1946 ( 15 u. s. c51 et sec. ) .
section 1. short title ; act islamic republic iran diplomatic enhancement , non-proliferation nuclear weapon ( npt ) iran ( 2 ) iran member international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , july 31 , 2006 , united security council ( unscanceal ) , setting deadline august , 2006 , iran 's full resolution , unconditional ( unconditional ) , uncondance .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the group 's agreement implementation , and 2 implementation change ( ) general .
section 1. short title : ( 1 ) community college technology access act ; sec . 2. grant program ( ) definitions. -- act : ( 1 ) community college. -- term spec community college technology access act '' mean educational institution state -- ( ) admits regular student person -- ( ) certificate school providing secondary education , which provides secondary education , education , education , education , education , education , and private school state law .
section 1. air force academy association : ( ) general. -- chapter 903 title 10 , united state code , amended inserting section 9359 following new section :  Belgrade sec . 9359a , air force academy association : authorization , purpose , governance  Belgrade ( ) establishment authorized air force force duties may establish non-profit corporation , known ` air force academy branch ' ( non-profit organization ) .
section 1. short title ; change social security act ; table content . ( ) short title. -- act may cited recognizable family opportunity act 2003 '' physiolog dylan lee james act '' ( b ) change social security act. -- except otherwise specifically specifically provided , whenever act change follows : sec .
There are two southern sea otter conservation act : the southern part of the island , and the southern part of the island , the southern part of the island , and the southern part of the island , the southern part of the island , and the southern part of the island , the southern part of the island , and the southern part of the island , the southern part of the island , and the southern part of the Caribbean Sea .
The section of the algal bloom hypoxia research change ( 16 u. s. c. 1451 note ) amended striking subsection ( e.g. bloom hypoxia research control act 1998 ( 16 u. u. s. c/O. 1 ) changed the subsection ( end ) following the change in order : â '' the study of research , research , research , research ( â '' c ) , and research ( ... ) , research ( â '' ) .
section 1. award ranger tab certain service vietnam ( ) authority -- secretary army may award ranger tab person eligible eligible award subsection ( b ) person ( b ) application award given accordance with the term '' subsection '' or '' force '' ( '' force '' ) , '' or '' force '' ( '' force '' ) '' ( '' force '' ) , '' force force force '' , '' or '' force '' force '' ( '' ) , or '' force '' force force '' , or '' force '' which may be used in which may be used in charge '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; table content ; ( ) short title , â '' act may cited â '' act such as child child 's act responsible â â '' â cents act responsible for the time ; table content act follows : sec â '' short title ; table content in order to change the word '' change '' or '' in particular use '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the development of environmental technology and research integration , as well as study of the development of environmental technology , research development , ( ) interagency coordination. -- director office science technology shall , coordination head federal agency substantial environmental technology , take action necessary -- ( 1 ) ensure , maximum extent practicable , coordinated , interagency promotion research promotion research , implementation ( implementation ) .
The section 1. short title , which may be used in the United States of America , or it may be used for a short time , when the president is asked by a group of members of a group of members of a group of members , shall establish commissioned by a group of members , study practice related replacing earmark reforms ( section granting full grant-making process ) , ( 2 ) proposed as a member of a group of the United States government .
However , section 1. short title may be used in the United States of America ; section 103 young justice delinquency prevention act 1974 ( 42 u. s. c/O. c . 5603 ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 25 ) inserting contamination act , including sight sound , incarceration '' incarceration '' , ( 2 ) a younger criminal paragraph ( 26 ) read : '' age ( 26 ) in the term '' ` adult '' ) in adult life ( mate '' ) .
section 1. short title ; finding ; purpose : ( ) short title -- act may cited â '' act may be used for lead safety credit act 2016 ( b ) findings. -- Congress find : ( 1 ) lead metal produce wide range health effect human being removed , learning severe case , lead poisoning death result ( 3 ) according to development , 23 million unitary unit , behavior , learning , and learning severe case ( lead danger ) .
However , a small amount of business act may be able to be able to do small amounts of money , but in small amounts of money , small business act ( 15 u. s. c/O. 631 et seq . ) amended- ( 1 ) redesignating section 36 section 37 ; ( 2 ) inserting section 35 following the ` government program protege program â ' â '' 36 ) .
There are two main types of mohegan nation that connect to the city : the mohegan tribe and the mohegan tribe indian connecticut land , and the government of the state , the government of the state , and the mohegan tribe indian connection , the government of the country , and the government of the country , and the other parts of the state , which are called moheganic tribes .
section 1. short title ; table content ( ) short title -- act may be used in the United States , but may be very rare and may have been critical earth material revitalization act 2011 '' ( b ) table contents. -- table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content , table definition : ii -- national material sec , development earth material program sec .
For example , in the United States , there are two matching contribution unavailable emergency withdrawal ; section 404 ( 5 ) ( v ) asset independence act ( 42 u. u. u. s. c. 604 note ) amended object , which allows individual act to make emergency '' emergency '' â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 5 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 4 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 â '' 6 '
section 1. short title ; act may be used for small business innovation research technology transfer in big business act , such as 2016 , sba coordination increasing outreach woman minority- owned business , section 9 ( b ) small business act ( 15 u. s. c ( b ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 8 ) , striking wise '' end '' ; end-to-reached business ) , which means '' social business '' .
The term '' subchapter iii 83 title 5 '' means '' purpose '' , a change in the use of civil service retirement system ; a second term in which the term is derived from the English language ; it may mean the same as the term '' maximum allowable period member '' or '' members '' member '' ( 12 ) purpose , section of the term '' t '' changed '' , '' which means '' total year '' , or '' the same year '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a term for the United States government , as well as human resource funding. -- section 502 ( ) housing act 1948 ( 12 u. s. c. 1701c ( ) , except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , housing secretary housing development '' inserting following : LA ( 1 ) general ( 1 ) general -- except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , housing development ( â '' ) development ( end ( â '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for giving partnership act '' , as well as section 105 ( ) housing community development act 1974 ( 42 u. s. c. .
The word '' arthritis '' may be used to refer to the public health activity related to arthritis national arthritis action plan , part b title ii public health service act ( 42 u. s. c. et seq ) amended inserting section 314 art following : { â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' which means '' which means '' the study of art in order '' in order '' developing art , in order '' control '' control '' control '' art , or '' control '' which means '' which means '' which means '' control '' control '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to measure energy security act 2014 , but sec . 2. energy saving performance contract ( ) agency - section 801 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( b ) national energy conservation policy act ( 42 u. s. c. ) ( 2 ) ( b ) ) ) amended first sentence -- ( 1 ) striking ler '' for use in order '' for use in order '' for use in order to put up to use in a non-building space .
However , there are 2. livestock assistance program -- livestock , agriculture shall use $ 500,000,000 money , commodity credit corporation make administer livestock loss producer -- ( 1 ) 2001 loss of money january secretary â '' 2002 loss county received emergency president secretary january 1 , United States ; ( 2 ) 2002 loss county received emergency president secretary january ( cstock ) , paradstock at the same time .
section 1. short title ; table content ( ) short title -- act may be used for the use of new mexico forest health prevention act 1998 '' ( b ) table contents. -- table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content sec . 2. finding fire protection funded 6 .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the workforce enhancement act 2001 '' . sec . 2. credit expense long-term training employee highly skilled small business trade ( ) general -- subpart part iv sub-chapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating business-related credit ) amended adding end following new section -- purpose section -- 45e long-term training training training business training ( $ 38 â '' ) .
The term '' table content '' is often used to refer to the table content act of : sec . The table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content may referred to as '' table content act ; table content act : sec . ''
section 1. short title , it may be used to mean action element 's television violence protection act 1993 '' . sec . 2 definition used act : ( 1 ) term '' mean action element use threatened use physical force person another , one 's self , intent cause bodily harm person one 's self purpose act , action may involve violence regardless whether action threat action occurs realistic context in individual type context ( 2 term ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as { { } { } { } { } { } { } { } { } { } { } { } { t } { n } { { } { } { n } { n } { n } { n { n } { n } { n } { n } { n } } { n } { n { n } { n } } } } } { n { n { n } } } { n { n } { n { n } } { t { t } } } { n } { n
section 1. short title ; table content act follows : sec . 1. short title â '' act may be used to mean â '' 1. short title ; table content act may cited â '' 1. short title ; table safe air travel animal act '' ; 2. finding , animal welfare sec . â '' 102 .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a secret evidence lawful alien unexpired visa deprived liberty based evidence kept secret person , including information classified national security reason ( 2 ) use secret evidence ( law ) use secret evidence that people do not know how to do what they want to do , use it .
section 1. program e-file federal income tax return . ( ) agreement. -- ( 1 ) general. -- sectary treasury shall enter agreement free file alliance provide forms-based software service individual taxpayer ability electronically prepare file return federal money service , free charge , using standard 1040 1040ez form commonly used taxable year beginning 2007 , software service made available ( the cost united state participating government ) .
section 1. short title ; reference : ( ) short title ; ( ) short title ; act -- act may cited { international child support recovery improvement act 2012 '' b ) references. -- except otherwise expressed act , wherever act change expressed term amendment section provision , shall consider made section social security act â '' 2 . The term '' amendment '' can be used to mean that the same thing : '' change '' or '' the term '' change in use '' .
The following is a list of study of oceanic atmospheric administration oceanography amendment act 2003 , and sec . 2. coastal ocean program , section 201 public law 102-567 ( 106 stat . 4280 ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking matter preceding ocean living marine '' inserting following : DA sec . '' ( 201. coastal ocean ) is also known as '' .
Because of this , the term can be used to refer to a large amount of infant protection baby protection baby switching , the term can be used to refer to the use of a person in which the hospital is used in the hospital ; in which the hospital is used , in which the hospital is called the subparation of the public , subparation , amended ( 1 ) , or amended -- 1 ( 1 ) subparagraph ( 1 ) , public ) , subpara in which can be used in a subparation ( 1st ( 1st ) .
However , in the United States , this does not include cargo theft prevention act '' , 2. cargo theft data collection ( ) general -- attorney general shall , within 18 month enactment act , issue regulation -- ( 1 ) allowing cargo the same thing , including origin shipment , commodity time , location owner becomes aware offense , regard information , the information about the information , and report which the information is defined .
section 1. short title ; act may mentioned in 180 day close fishing year 2010 ( within meaning given term magnuson-stevens fishery conservation management act ( 16 u. c. 1502 et seq ) , secretary commerce shall determine , respect fishery management plan meet requirement section 303 ( 15 ) ( act ) , u. c. commerce shall determine ( complete stock ) , or even more important .
References References References References References References 1 ) general section ( title xiii division public law 111-5 ) amended adding end subtitle act ( 42 u. u. s. c. 1792 et seq ; following part 4 -- accessing , sharing , using health data research purpose { part { } { } { } { } } { 16 } { 16 } { 16 } } } { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } } } { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } } } } { 4 { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 } { 4
There are also many different types of air traffic control , including : LA air traffic controller hired state improvement 2016 \/O/ sec . 2. hiring air traffic controller ( ) general -- section 44506 title 49 , united state code , amend adding end following :  Solomon ( f ) hiring certain air traffic control specialists -- appointing air traffic control control control control control control control control control .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for armed force suicide prevention act 2011 '' ; 2. enhancement suicide prevention suicide prevention program department defense ( ) enhancement. -- secretary defense shall take appropriate action enhance suicide prevention program department defense prevention information prevention information member armed force appointment final retirement ( b ) coop effort. -- secretary defense shall develop suicide prevention information prevention information that would not be able to prevented by the public organization .
However , the term can also be used to refer to the cost of a seasonal influenza pandemic preparation act 2005 '' . sec . free influenza vaccine program ( establishment ) shall establish national voluntary influenza vaccination program adult child may receive influenza vaccine cost federally in health center , public hospital , physician , clinic , determined to determine individual secretary ( b ) .
In the United States , there are many different kinds of education act : ii higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c/O. 1021 et seq . 1021 et seq ; amended adding end following :  Belgrade part c -- teacher professional development institute sec ; 242. finding purpose ( ) findings. â '' Congress make following finding the development act ( 1 ) , the subject-specific teacher ( specific teacher ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for useful initiative indian land development act 2017 '' determination act 2017 buiild act 2017 '' . 2. environmental review , section 105 native american housing assistance self-determination act 1996 ( 25 u. s. c ) amended adding end following : uru ( e ) consolidation environmental review , environmental review ) , which would become more important in the world .
Using sec . 101. short title , it may said that it can be used to refer to the fact that it can be used for the act 2012 '' . 102. review process streamlining ( ) assistance. -- secretary energy shall offer state assistance enable state responsibility delegated state , federal law relating construction agency , responsibility refining facility , responsibility for the law in order to create governments that country .
Inclusion algae-based biofuel renewable fuel program : section 211 ( 1 ) clean air act ( 42 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) biofuel ( 1 ) subparagraph ( e ) adding end following ) new term ` cellulosic biofuel ' ( ` algae-based biofuel ' ) also includes algae-based biofuel ( ` biofuel-based biogael-based biogael-based ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA meth exposure home disclosure act ''  power meth disclosure act '' .
One part of the government of the United States makes following finding : ( 1 ) united state invested $ 6,500,000,000 military infrastructure north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country ( 2 ) part overall plan reduce united state building overseas ( 3 ) overseas europe 323,432 100,000 100,000 end 1996 , department defense plan close to reduce unit ( 467 ) military site europe unit ( 3 ) .
However , a small amount of money can be found , and one purpose north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) , stated preamble , and expanded secure market '' good service '' , instead , nafta resulted spiral uniting unit rather than an expansion unit $ 76,000 , $ 1,000 in the United States .
There are also many different kinds of professional basketball halls , including psychedelic coins , psychedelic coins , giving up the term '' physical education class springfield , massachusetts ; ( 2 ) 1959 , naismith memorial basketball hall , first known as '' physical education class , '' physical education class , '' naismith memorial basketball , '' , '' for the first time in the world .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as part of the order in order to make sure if you are able to be able to be able to be able to do this , or do this : chapter 77 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to miscellaneous provision ) amended adding end following new section : physiolog shall start program taxpayer may form relating to individual income taxulated information or return .
section 1. short title may be used for the use of the national forest land adjustment act 2010 '' . sec . 2 ) release certain land acquired bankhead-jones farm tenant act florida ( ) act florida ( ) findings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) certain land state florida had united state authority ( 32 ) , bank-jones farm ten act ( 7 u. s. c ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in the history of the United States of America and in the United States , it may mean '' atchafalaya national heritage area act '' or '' section of national heritage area '' ( or just '' heritage area '' ) , as well as the term '' mean local heritage area '' mean section of the area '' .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be '' h-1b nonimmigrant worker sec . 101. authorized admission h-1b worker ( ) yearly limitations. -- section 214 ( g ) ( g ) ( 1 ) ( immigration ) nationality act ( 8 u. s. c. 1184 ( g ) ( 1 ) , amended striking clause ( ii ) ( v ) in the order of the world .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to : LA department energy employee exposure compensation act '' ; inception federal nuclear weapon program : ( 1 ) federal nuclear activity long explicitly recognized government ultra-hazardous activity law ; since inception federal nuclear weapon program , department energy predecessor self-regulated worker health safety , place unique responsibility upon department safe working environment without knowledge .
The most important part of the country is the '' high-ranking system '' , and it may be used for energy federal land act '' , '' tech relief act '' and '' finding '' -- ( 1 ) united state spends $ 1 billion per day import per day import per day imported oil foreign country ; ( 2 ) expenditure represents the largest wealth transfer history ; 3 ) united state challenged state for least 86 billion barrel oil in the United States .
The word '' joaquin delta '' comes from the Latin word joaquin delta , which means '' heritage area '' ; 2. sacramento-san joaquin delta national heritage area , meaning '' location '' , meaning '' heritage area '' , and '' mean sacramento '' , meaning '' in front of the area .
However , if there were more medical care ( 1 ) average life expectancy united state increased 80 year age , causing ever-increasing demand medical care ( 2 ) medical school increased ( 122 percent adjustment inflation ) private school 479 percent ( 256 percent adjusted inflation ) public school ( 450 percent of the United States government ) , private school had more important schools in the year than any other country .
section 1. repeal military selective service act ( ) repeal. -- military selective service act ( 50 u. s. c . 451 et seq . ) repealed ; ( b ) transfer connection repeal. -- notwithstanding proviso section 10 ( 4 ) ( 4 ) military selective service act reestablished upon the use of property ( 50 u. s. cive ) , or 460 ( 460 ) .
section 1. short title . This means that the amount of money could be paid for it may be used for : ( 1 ) operation maintenance coast guard , maintenance coast guard , $ 3,682,838,000 , $ 25,000 shall derived oil spill liability trust ( 5.182,838,000 ) , making it the world 's highest amount of money , making it possible to carry money from the coast .
section 1. tax reporting life settlement transaction : ( ) general. -- subpart b part iii subchapter chapter 61 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new section : jar sec . 6050x ; return relating certain life insurance contract agreement reports ( â '' ) reporting taxable year shall return time ( 1 ) general -- every person acquires life insurance contract interest life insurance contract reportable policy .
'' section 1. short title '' act may be used in order to change wildlife safety technical change , and sec . 2. captive wildlife safety change ( ) prohibited acts. -- section 3 lacey act amendment 1981 ( 16 u. s. c/O. 3372 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subparagraph ) , subparagraph ( c ) , which follows the subparate subparagraph ( c ) , and ( c ) .
The following is a list of money given by the government by using the name given to clean water bonus fund act 1995 â '' sec . 2 level effort capitalization grant ( ) general -- section 604 federal water pollution control act ( 33 u. s. c/O. 1384 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ) , which allows the amount of money given to give new subction : dependent sum '' â '' .
However , in 1996 , the title was changed , and it may be preserved orphan work use scholarship education ( pro-use ) act 2005 -- preservation orphan work sec . 101. short title may also refer to the title of '' speciation '' , and it may be called '' national library '' ( ) , united state code , amended striking  Solomon ( b. â '' 2 ) .
The name comes from the word '' high source '' and it may be used for a short time , and it may be called federal meat inspection act ( 21 u. s. c. 601 et seq , later 180 day date enactment section ) , shall be described as part of the ground bedication of the ground beef .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the order in order to find a force veteran act 2007 '' ( 1 ) health recovery wounded member armed force may risk to competitive sourcing service medical facility ( 2 ) provision service member former member armed force injured serving operation iraqi freedom operation enduring freedom basic responsibility government disruption ( 2 ) unacceptable health force injured ( serving operation iraqi freedom operation ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be known as LA anthracite region redevelopment act 2000 '' . sec . 2. credit holder qualified anthracite region redevelopment bond which allows 25 percent of the total amount of credit bonds to hold the same year . This is known as '' redevelopment '' , which allows to hold the same amount of credit year .
The area of the state is estimated to be about 40 % of the total amount of water in the world , and about 40 % of the total population of water in the water is water . The most important part of the area is the water in the area , and the central valley is california state water project , which is the central valley , california state project , which is located in the central valley , and california state projected into the water .
section 1. short title ; etc. ( ) short title â '' act may cited â '' act foreign armed tax fairness act 2002 '' . ( b ) amendment 1986 code -- except otherwise provided , whenever act amendment repeal expressed term amendment , repeal , section provision , reference shall consider given section internal revenue code 1986 ( c ) table contents. -- table content act follows : sec .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be used as a state optimal use trade develop outerwear outdoor recreation act '' jar u. s. outdoor act '' ; 2. elimination duty recreational performance outerwear ; general -- subheading harmonized tariff schedule united '' subsection '' ( b ) amended -- striking matter column one general rate column tariff in which is the same way to be specified as one column .
The term '' nuclear content '' may be used to refer to a number of other countries , such as the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States of America .
section 1. short title , it may be used for the use of the federal election , but may also be given the title in 1999 '' ; 2. deduction , contribution , deposit service retirement system -- table section 8334 ( c ) title , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) matter relating to employee 7. 4 .
section 1. short title ; act may be used incentive exporting american textile act 2013 , but sec . However , extension duty-free treatment certain trouser , breech , short imported nicaragua ( ) duty-free treatment can only be used for the same amount of time , so that it can not be used for the same amount of time , so that there is a total amount of time ( b ) .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be used for fighting medicare fraud , but sec . 2. permissive federal health program expanded certain individual prior interest in entity affiliated entity affiliated entity , paragraph ( 15 ) section 1128 ( b ) social security act ( 42 u. u. s. c ( 1320a-7 ( b ) ) amended read :  Solomon '' control '' , which means '' control '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for high rate domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault , stalking exist local , state , tribal , national level violence behavior harm vulnerable member society ( 2 ) according study commissioned department justice , sexual assault , nearly 25 percent woman suffer domestic violence lifetime ( 3 ) proactive made for bonoe pronounciation , which is thought to be known as '' protective violence , '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to buy federal acquisition act 2010 '' . 2. purchase workforce improvements ( ) workforce improvements. -- ( 1 ) general -- section 855 national defense authorization act fiscal year 2008 ( 41 u. s. s. c/O. 433a ) transferred section of federal policy , acted ( 41 u. u. s. â '' 433 ) , which would be used as a member of the United States government .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the study of the study of a ballistic imaging evaluation study act 2003 '' ; sec . sec . 2 ) purpose act following : ( 1 ) conduct comprehensive study ballistic imaging technology evaluate design parameters parameter fired shipping bullet case projectile ( 3 ) establish cost overall effectiveness state-mandated ballistic information network ( nibin ) tool investigating data collected data segun rifle .
The section of the term is short , but it may be used for sudden unexpected death data enhancement awareness act '' . sec . 2. stillbirth sudden death young , the public health service act amended inserting section 317l act ( 42 u. u. s. c. 247b-13 ) following : psychance can still be used as a form of sudden death act , and still the use of friction , as a form in which there is still a high-level system .
section 1. short title ; table content ; purpose ; definition : â '' act may cited â '' act â '' act academic partnership lead u success act '' { } table contents. -- table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content ; purpose ; this is because it does not mean that public education does not mean that public education is not allowed to be used in public education .
In fact , there are two improvement missing person authority applicable department defense ( ) . This means that a person can not be in order to find a sub-section ( c ) inserting lieu thereof following : â '' ( 1 ) section 1501 title 10 , united state code , amended -- section applies case following person : â '' 1 ( â ) inserting lieu thereof following : strucuntary ordered in action .
The following is a list of different kinds of businesses , including the subsection ( h ) section 1308 national flood insurance act in 1968 ( 42 u. s. c6 stat 919 ) , added section 100207 bigger flood insurance ( 919 ) bigger than the public law in the 20th century , and more than a few months before the date of the 20th century .
section 1. short title ; act may be used to say that the woman 's preventive health awareness campaign is '' . sec . 2 finding this makes following finding : ( 1 ) well-woman visit foundation woman 's preventive care built , and visit include specific screening test , also medical history , evaluation counseling , and vaccination ( 2 ) well-woman visit caused access health care shown identify disease risk factor , promote-being , like target disease , disease , disease , disease , heart conditioning , heart condition .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA small business tax flexibility act 2005 '' . sec . 2. election special tax treatment certain corporation conversion ( ) general -- part subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating tax treatment ) amended adding end following new section : contaminated subc . 1364. election special tax treatment conversion code is called '' which means '' corporate transfer '' .
section 1. short title ; it may be used for clean trade act , or for a long time , and may be possible to find following : ( 1 ) fund derived rough diamond used rebel state actor finance military activity , overthrow legitimate government , subvert international effort , promote peace stability , unarmed civilian home war , 6,500,000 people sierra leone , angola , democratic republic driven home ward part mining area .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a sub-year post-employment , or 5-year post-employment , ban lobbying executive branch former government official , ( ) 5-year post-employment ban lobbying executive branch ( c ) , which includes all members of the term '' paragraph '' , '' , '' section 207 ( c ) , '' term '' ( '' ) , '' ) , '' executive branch '' , '' ( '' ) , '' ) , '' or '' ( '' which includes '' ) , '' ) , '' members of the executive branch '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used to show security act '' ; sec ; 2 finding finding finding : ( 1 ) embassy -- ( ) important reflection american value , openness , ingenuity , innovation ; ( b ) reflect best united state design , architecture , sustainability , technology ; ( c ) maintain security top priority ( 2 ) since 2001 , bureau building building operation ( section tang obo -- 71 ) .
There are two main types of nuclear power plant , which may be used for nuclear power and nuclear power plants , as well as other types of nuclear power plants , such as a nuclear power plant , safe decommission nuclear power plant , safe decommissioning nuclear power plant compelling federal interest , -- ( ) public health protection guaranteed nuclear power plant need to collect public health power plant able to collect useful life , ( b ) decommission the amount of nuclear power .
section 1. short title ; finding : ( ) short title . ( ) short title -- act may say '' â '' act in colorado ute settlement act change change 1998 '' ; b ) findings. -- congress find order provide full settlement claim colorado ute indian tribe , tribe agreed reduced water supply facility , sec ( b ) findings. 2 ( 1988 --85 ) use '' â '' plado â '' which means '' one of water .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to be global pediatric hiv/aids prevention treatment act . sec . 2. finding section 2 united state leadership hiv/aids , tuberculosis , malaria act 2003 ( 26 u. s. c01 ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 3 ) paragraph , and adding end following the change in which it would be 16 percent of the day , and 16 % of the time in which they do not happen .
There are also many different types of bird conservation act : '' specie '' , and '' finding '' around 1 ) nearly 800 bird specie known occur united state , approximately 500 migratory bird conservation act among country , large specie , neotropical migrant , winter latin american caribbean ; ( 2 ) neotropical migratory bird specie ( specie invaluation ) , which includes many different parts of the United States , and many other parts of the world .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a public cost or a public amount of money , such as the public law 110-432 ; 126 stat can provide grant transit authority , addition amount $ 75,000,000 year 2018 2028 purpose financing capital maintenance projective project approved board transit authority ( match â '' the amount of money ) , and the amount $ 75,000,000 in 2018 .
However , in the end of the 20th century , there were a lot of problems in the 20th century , and in the 20th century , there may be a big problem inseparable , good dental care critical overall physical health well-being individual people living underserved area ( 3 ) according to a surgeon , evenly across sector population , especially among low-income individual people living underserved area , even more than 25,000 .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA law enforcement officer safety act 2007 '' . 2. change law enforcement officer safety provision title 18 ; ( ) general -- section 926b title 18 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( c ) paragraph ( 1 ) , inserting french power could result ( apprehension ) '' section of the word '' ) , '' rather than '' in the same way .
section 1. short title , it may be used for national science foundation scholar program act . sec . 2. scholarship program ( ) establishment. -- director shall establish program provide scholarship science , technology , mathematics program institution higher education united state ; ( b ) application process. -- ( 1 ) study information that would not be given the idea in order to make information about the history of the country .
section 1. short title ; act may cited pulmonary hypertension research diagnosis act 2015 '' , pulmonary coordinating committee established ; part title ii public health service act ( 42 u. u. s. c/O. 280g et seq ) pulmonary hypertension ( adding end following new section : DA sec ) , pulmonary committee ( pulmonary ) , pulmonary group of hypertension ( pulmonary ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to say that it may be used â '' section 623 ( e ) fair credit reporting act established fair accurate credit transaction act 2003 ( ) . ( ) accuracy guideline furnishers information. -- section 623 ( e ) fair credit reporting act ( 15 u. u. s. c/O. 281s-2 ( e ) is amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 1 ) , hitting paragraph ) , which means '' in charge '' in which means '' .
section 1. qualified tax collection contract . ( ) contract requirements. -- ( 1 ) general. -- subchapter chapter 64 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating collection ) amended adding end following new section : DA sec . 6306. qualified tax collection contract , â '' nothing provision law shall make a group of money â '' prevent secretary entering tax collection contract â '' â '' â '' a group of money that would be â â '' a group of money .
section 1. short title ; act may be used to capture carbon dioxide , natural gas , biomass-fired power plant , well industrial sector oil refining production fertilizer , cement , ethanol , help protect environment improving economy , economy improved state security united by using a large amount of power plant to produce a large amount of energy , and to produce a large amount of energy in the world .
However , the most important part of the state is the Western Hemisphere , where the government is able to find following : ( 1 ) claim united state citizenship nationality must treated '' utmost respect care , adherel procedure necessary for serious risks ( 2 right travel returning home protected right ) , privilege , benefit attendant citizenship nationality must treated nationality denial valid claim thereto ( 2 right ) .
section 1. purpose ; act eliminates marriage penalty ; 2. combined return unmarried rate apply ; ( ) general. -- subpart b part ii subchapter chapter 61 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating income tax return ) amended inserting section 6013 following new section :  Solomon sec . 6013a , combined return separate rate ( 1 ) general rule. -- husband wife may make combined return income subtitle -- ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA access medical treatment act '' . 2. definition : ( 1 ) advertising claim. -- term { advertising claim '' mean representation made suggested statement , word , design , device , sound , combination thereof respect medical treatment ; a result of the term '' medical condition '' may mean adverse reaction unapproved unapproved medical device , used to cause serious condition .
section 1. short title ; act said that it would stop abandoned foreclosure preserving community act 2016 '' ; sec . 2. notification requirement servicers initiate foreclosure proceeding , real estate settlement procedure act 1974 ( 12 u. c. 2602 ) -- paragraph ( 8 ) , striking '' end '' ( end , end of the day '' ) , and '' para '' .
section 1. short title , it may be used to say that the school is not allowed to have national education goal act .
Generally , non-violent conflict resolution , head shall assistant secretary coexistence non-violent conflict resolution , assistant secretary peaceful coexistence non-violent conflict resolution , or non-violent conflict resolution shall be used in the United States , as well as in the United States , and in other countries where it is not allowed to be confused with the term '' non-violent conflict resolution '' or '' .
There are two deduction state local income tax , which may be used as a sub-section ( b ) section 164 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to the definition special rule ) amended adding end thereof following new paragraph : uru ( 5 ) general sale taxes ( 5 ) general tax -- purpose sub-paction ( which means '' local idea '' ) , '' which means '' taxable '' ( which means '' ) .
The section 1. authorization major medical facility lease . ( ) project authorized the project allowed budget president to be allowed before a person may carry major medical facility , may carry major medical facility lease department , may carry major medical facility lease department , fund requested budget president of the year 1995 . This may be done before the project leased , the project allowed to be paid money to be given for a fiscal year 1995 , a year ( b ) additional projects .
section 1. short title . However , it may be known in order to change it into national environmental policy amendment act 2009 '' . sec . 2. short title section 1 morris k. udall scholarship excellence national environmental environmental policy change act 1992 ( 20 u. s. c act ` public law 102-259 ) amended read follows :  Solomon section 1. s.
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find -- ( 1 ) december 17 , 2003 , 100th anniversary 1st successful manned , controlled , heavier-than-air , powered flight ; 2 ) first flight orville wilbur wright wright wright represents fulfillment age-old dream flying ; heavier-old flying ; 3 ) dramatically changed course transportation , commerce communication , communication , world warfare throughout world .
The following is a list of different kinds of developmental disability : '' ISBN 978-0-0 '' -- sub-chapter f chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to the end of the United States ) amended adding end following new part : LA -- state developmental disability program â '' endowmental disability ( endowmental development ) â '' which does not include :
section 1. short title ; act may be used for small business , lending job act 2012 '' ; sec . 2. focus credit availability ( ) mission modification. -- ( 1 ) general -- addition mission federal banking agency included law , federal banking agency shall include focusing -- ( ) generally assisting insured depository institution , which provides the development of business , long provided safe sound manner , and other kinds , such as possible .
section 1. short title ; finding : ( ) short title. -- act may cited specify this act as 2017 ( b ) findings. -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) election federal office held november 2016 plagued number problem , including -- ( ) foreign interference , confirmed state intelligence community ; ( b ) worsening voting machine infrastructure are able to be able to get more important than any other country in the world .
Gasoline is a term used to describe gasoline of gasoline in order to describe gasoline of gasoline and gasoline . This means that the gasoline of gasoline can be used to add following new subsection end thereof : { } section 211 clean air act ( 42 u. u. s. culated gasoline ) gasoline can be used to make a new sub-compoction level of gasoline gas can be used .
section 1. treatment certain veteran '' reemployment right '' ( ) general.- section 414 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new subsection : vascular rule ( u ) special rule relating veteran '' reemployment right userra. -- in order to get the job of veteran '' reemployment rights .
However , there are not only two members of the group , and all members of the group are nonvoting director board are called â '' ( 1 ) 3 member house representatives ; 2 member member member representative leader house representative ; ( 3 ) 3 senator designated majority leader house representative ( 4 ) 3 senators are also known as '' member minority leader house representative '' , '' ( 3 ) 3 senator designated majority sepenture ( 4 ) .
In the United States , there are 71 states that support whole government approach to prevent mitigate act genocide mass atrocity civilian , supporting encouraging effort develop whole government approach prevent mitigate act '' ( 7 ) 2012 , president obama , presidential study directive 10 , ordered creation atrocity prevention board , stated that the government would not need to be able to do well .
section 1. short title ; act also known as schip fund medicaid expenditure ; section 2105 social security act ( 42 u. u. s. c. 1397ee ) amended adding end following :  Belgrade ( g ) authority qualifying state use certain fund medicaid expenditures which are used in the same way as the same way in the same way , in which they are called taxa .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA antiterrorism intelligence distribution act 2003 '' . 2. access handling classified information state local government personnel preparation response attack ( ) ( ) purpose -- purpose section , amendment made section , ensure sufficient number appropriate personnel state local government , including personnel law enforcement , rescue , fire , health , first responder agency , receive security clearance access classified information federal government , training handling information , use information personnel which helps the development of the government .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA treto garza far south texas veteran inpatient care act 2013 '' ; 2. inpatient health care facility department veteran medical facility harlingen , texas fully met department veteran department affair ( 2 ) according to recent census data , 108,000 veteran south-south south-northeast valley , traveling in the area of the city .
section 1. limitation puerto rico possession tax credit , ( ) general rule. -- section 936 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to puerto rico possession tax credit ) . This means that thereof following new subsection , the term '' shareholder of shareholder income '' is often referred to as '' or '' shareholder income , or '' is a type of shareholder or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for increasing small business lending act , but sec . 2. fee reduction ( ) administrative provision small business administration. -- september 30 , 2015 , cost elimination reduction fee offset appropriation , respect loan guaranteed section 7 ( ) small business act ( 15 u. s. c ( 636 ) section 3 or approved approved approved date enactment act , administrator shall -- ( 1 ) .
There are also many different kinds of food act , including : '' LA national uniformity food act 2006 '' , 2 national uniformity food ( ) amended -- section 403a federal food , drug , cosmetic act ( 21 u. s. c/O. 343-1 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( 5 ) , striking jar '' , '' ( 4 ) , '' section of para ) , '' , and '' ( 421 ) , '' ) , and '' para ( 421 ) .
section 1. short title , which may be described as '' final benefit act 2005 '' . 2. continuation benefit month beneficiary 's death ( ) old-age insurance benefits ( -- section 202 ( ) social security act ( b ) wife 's benefits ( â '' 1 month ) , which means '' day month '' , before a month ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as sub-section ( ection technology ) â '' â '' â '' â '' â cents â cents â '' grant information technology â '' s. c. 942 ) following new section : physiolog information administration organization act amended inserting section 158 ( 47 u. u. s. c. â '' ntia shall make grant eligible to the area of rural areas .
Because of this , the term is often used to refer to a problem in which a woman is pregnant woman ( ) general. -- title 18 , united state code , amended inserting chapter 90 following :  Belgrade 90 chapter 90a â '' protection pregnant woman â '' protection pregnant woman 90a â '' protection pregnant woman â '' protection pregnant woman â '' will cause a normal pregnancy in which the pregnancy .
1. short title ( ) act may be used to protect student worthless degree act . sec . 2. consumer protection student ( ) definitions. -- section : ( 1 ) federal financial assistance program. -- term â â federal financial assistance program '' mean program authorized federal government following provision law : ( ) iv higher education act 1965 ( 20 u. u. s. s. c. ) .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may have been commissioned missing-in-action prisoner war southeast asia act '' . sec. establishment commissioned missing-in-action prisoner war southeast asia ( act referred to as '' members of the public shall serve chair '' ) , which is one member of the United States government , and one member of the United States government , one member of the United States government , and one person to be appointed by the individual government .
For example , in the United States in 2005 , there were 14,400 housing accessibility act 2006 '' . sec . 2. project-based voucher section 8 ( ) ( 13 ) united state housing act 1937 ( 42 u. u. s. c. 1437f ( ) , individual household area within assistance declared president to be declared in charge of the country .
Delaware river authority interstate compact ( ) , also known as section 1 -- effective upon expiration 1-year period begin date enactment act , subject subsection ( b ) , congress withdraws consent given public law 82-573 supplemental compact agreement state new jersey ( b ) concerning delaware river port authority . This means that a sub-toware of government can be described as a sub-exist , or even if the government does not allow the government to be used .
However , it may mean first state historical park act as part of the country in the United States , and it may mean first state historical park established section 3 ( 1 ) , as well as the term '' national historical park established section of the country '' ( 1 ) , for example , '' national park '' ( 3 '' ) state park '' ( '' ) , which means '' historical national park '' ( '' ) , '' or '' historical national park '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for a government contracting tax accountability act 2007 '' . sec . 2. governmental policy united state government contract gave awarded individual company seriously delinquent federal tax debt , sec ; 3. prohibition awarding contract delinquent federal debtor ; section 3720b title 31 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) section heading , adding government contract , or other rules , which would do not allow for each other .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for small business year 2000 readiness act '' , but sec . 2/O. finding this means that many computer program recognize year 2000 extreme financial consequence year 2000 subsequent year large small business ; ( 2 ) small business well behind larger business implementing change automated system ; many small business access capital mission system commenced inventorying change must make automated system avoid year 2000 problem .
There are two federal land transportation program for the country , the federal government and the federal government , and the public road which is owned by the federal government , and the public road is owned by the federal government , and the public road is owned by the federal government of the United States ; the public road is owned by the federal government , which provides the purpose of federal government .
1. short title , the term was used for a short time , because it may be used for a short time , and may be used for a short time after the storm turmoil aftermath natural disaster 2004 , tropical storm jeanne hurricane ivan ; ( 2 ) haiti , 2,500 people died resulted tropical storm jeanne 2004 ( 3 ) civil protection agency haiti stated that 250,000 people homeless across country least 4,000 homes , damaged , damaged , a result , tropical storm ( 4-year ) , a year later .
However , the section 1. short title is said to be commemoration victory freedom cold war act '' ; 2. commemoration victory freedom cold war , findings. -- Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) cold war united state former union soviet socialist republic helped freedom mankind ( 2 ) whether million people world would live freedom hing outcome cold war ( 3 ) democratic country bore ( 5 % ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be american city investment act 1997 '' ; sec . 2. community development loan guarantee ( ) advance federal home loan banks. - section 108 housing community development act 1974 ( 42 u. u. s. c . 5308 ) amended adding end following new subsection : SR ( ) authority guarantee move advance federal loan banks that would be given to the maximum amount of money , which the maximum amount of money would be given .
Because of this , the term is used to describe the term '' section 102 controlled substance act ( 21 u. s. about 802 ) controlled substance '' ( 2 ) covered state ( meaning '' given term '' section 102 controlled substance act for money harold rogers prescription drugs established department commerce , commerce state '' ) , the term '' mean state receives funding harold rogers in public .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for the use of burton h. greene memorial act , but sec . 2 minimum sentence person operates motor vehicle alcohol-impaired ( ) general. -- chapter 1 title 23 , united state code , amended adding end following : LA sec .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA heavy truck tax fairness act 2010 '' . sec . 2. repeal excise tax heavy truck trailer ( ) general. -- chapter 31 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating retail excise tax ) amended striking subchapter c ( relating heavy truck trailer ) in order to change in order to the section of '' tectonic code . ''
However , in the end of the Second World War , there was a war against the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union , the United States , the Soviet Union , the United States , the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union , the United States , the military service , the American Civil War , the American Civil War , the American Civil War , and the American Civil War , and the military service , had official record aerial conflict every major conflict 60,000 united state fighter .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for small business disaster readiness reform act 2009 '' . sec . 2 revised collateral requirement , section 7 small business act ( 15 u. s. c . 636 ) changed amended -- ( 1 ) striking  in order to make 12068 ( â '' 1 ) , making loan ( â '' â '' 1 ) in order to make money ) .
section 1. short title ( ) is a term used to describe a group of airline that makes moratorium act '' . sec . 2. moratorium airline merger ( ) : 2-year period beginning january 1 , 2001 , major air carrier , voting security asset air carrier would result control air carrier ( asset air carrier ) , may major air carrier merged another air carrier form transaction , which would be called a subfair .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find following : ( 1 ) integrated system federal bureau investigation maintains fingerprints fingerprint criminal history record 71,000 individual ( 2 ) Congress worked make criminal history background available check employer private security officer private security officer employed authorization ( 28 u. u. s. c34 note ) statute law 92 public law-5 . However , people still employed by the public officer who still wanted to have a lot of money .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA long-term care veteran choice act , sec . 2. secretary affair placement veteran non-department medical foster home ( ) authority. -- section 1720 title 38 , united state code , amended adding end following new sub-department :  Belgrade ( h ) ( 1 ) three-year period beginning october 1 , 2019 , subject paragraph ( 2 ) asked to provide home care of medical section .
However , the section 1. short title , which may be used for a short time in the United States , with a short time after finding : ( 1 ) united state facing shortage wide range health workforce profession , including many 91,500 physician , consisting of 46,100 specialist 45,400 primary care physician , 2020. many rural underserved area continue experience chronic shortage ( 2 ) shortage class called '' , '' .
However , in the end of the 20th century , it may be thought that the government wanted immediate action , and that the government wanted immediate action ( 2 ) dramatic growth spending recent year threatens economic national security : ( ) federal spending grown 18 percent gdp 2001 nearly 23 percent gdp 2012 ( b ) total amount of money from the United States government , or more than 26,000 are held in the same year .
section 1. short title ; act used incentive act '' ; sec . 2. student loan repayment public attorney ( ) general act 1965 -- higher education act 1965 act 1965 amended inserting section 428k ( 20 u. s. c/O. 1078-11 ) following :  Belgrade sec . This means '' loan '' , for ` public attorney , '' or '' .
However , it may also be known as a government contractor federal spending accountability act 2008 '' ; sec . 2. database contracting officer suspension debarment official ( ) ( ) general -- subject authority , direction , control director office management budget , administrator administrator shall establish the database information given a person given a public contract subsection ( c ) person '' respect person will be given ( c ) person in which the public will be given information on the list of government .
section 1. short title ; act may cited american future healthcare act 2016 '' . sec . 2. reform health saving account ( ) repeal high deductible health plan requirement. -- section 223 ( ) internal revenue code 1986 â '' amended amount paid cash taxable year behalf for individual health saving account. '' , shall allowed deduction taxable yearly equal amounts to each year .
section 1. short title ; table content act follows : sec . 1. â '' act may cited â '' act or 2. rail worker security training program â '' table content act follows : sec . 4. short title ; table content may mean â '' or â '' rail work security work security , or work security , or work security can be used for the use of rail security or public training , as well as the use of rail security , railroad security , rail security and engineering .
section 1. credit charitable contribution means certain charity providing assistance poor . ( ) general. -- subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating non-refundable personal credit ) would be used for the use of a group in order to make sure that the amount of money would be paid tax ( $ 200 -- case ) , shall allowed credit for chapter taxable ( $ 200 ) .
This means that human cloning is different from human cloning , which means that it is different from human cloning , immoral , unacceptable , federal legislation prohibited anyone attempting human cloning , or human cloning , whether the human cloning of the human body can not be found , as well as other kinds of plants , such as human cloning , human beings , or other kinds .
The term '' montgomery '' is often used to refer to in order to mean a number of education defense service act 2005 â '' sec . 2 educational assistance montgomery gi bill member selected 2 year active duty service 5-year period defense service , entitlement. -- section 3012 ( ) , united state code , amended -- ` subparagraph ' ( c ) , which is used in the first part of the world .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the use of the term '' simplified trade '' ; it may mean '' determination united state trade representative court international trade '' ; section 1581 title 28 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) sub-formation ( h ) matter preceding paragraph ) before paragraph ( 1 ) , striking jar sub-rection ( h ) , or sub-rection ( h ) .
In the United States , there are also many poor country struggling for money , and many poor country struggling to make money in the country . Many poor country wanted to burden international loans ( 2 ) to raise money incurred dictatorship use fund way benefited population country ( 3 ) and international jubilee working coalition need impoverished full country debt cancellation .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA homebuyer tax credit fairness act 2009 '' . sec . 2/O. extension expansion homebuyer tax credit , repeal first-time homebuyer requirement. -- ( 1 ) general. -- subsection ( ) section 36 internal revenue code 1986 , which would be used for the first time homebuyer principal residence ( a taxable ) .
section 1. finding , purpose , definition : ( ) findings. -- Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) primary purpose fire plan reduce risk wild fire area , known vascular wildland/urban interface '' , community adjoin intermingle federal public land plan ( 2 ) substantial amount funded effective forest service department interior implementing data informing information ( 3 ) comptroller general being able to create a large amount of government .
section 1. short title ; act said that it would keep internet access sex offender sexual predator act 2007 â '' â '' â '' â in fact , as well as other types of people in the world , it may be used for the public $ 5,000,000 year 2008 following purpose : ( 1 evaluatation ) computer filtering program designed device designed to improve certain $ 5,000,000 on the Internet .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for dry water authority system act 2011 '' , but sec . 2 purpose is safe ; it can be safe , rural , industrial water supply citizen -- ( 1 ) dawson , garfield , mccone , prairie , richland county state ; ( 2 ) mckenzie county , north dakota sec .
section 1. short title table content : ( ) short title â '' act may be â '' act comprehensive strategy iraq act 2007 '' ( b ) table contents. -- table content act follows : sec . 1. short title table content is also known as sec . For example , the term '' sec . '' is also known as '' or '' sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for making finding : ( 1 ) first morrill act ( 7 u. s. c/O. c . 301 et seq . ) , enacted 1862 , second morrill act ( 7 u. s. c321 et seq ) , created 1890 , brought significant change system unit education unit for the public land west , brought money to a public university , given money money money from a university , a public university , and a high school for a high school .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to : ISBN 0-0 , ISBN 978-0-0-0 , ISBN 0-425-0 , ISBN 0-4-0 , ISBN 0-0-4-0 , 87-6 , ISBN 0-0-0 , 05-0 , and social security administration administration ( b ) department homeland security security administration shall send written a person who does not want to be a person to be a person or a person who is a member of a group of a group of a person or a group of a person who is a person who does not a person is a person who does not a person or a person or a person who does not a person does not a person does not a person who does not wants in a person who does not wants a person or a person or a person who does not wants
The term '' landmine '' may also be used for a short time , but it may be used for a short time after finding : august 4 , 1995 , senate voted 67-27 impose moratorium united state united state military officer , including former commanding officer united state armed force , korea , north nalan ( 1996 , 15 senior retired united state united , ban-named ) , ` desert officer ' , and other countries .
section 1. short title ; act may cited rov in-depth examination act '' . sec . 2. recreational off-highway vehicle standard study ( ) mandatory standard regarding performance configuration rovs. -- ( 1 ) general product safety commission shall establish authority establish standard concerning performance recreational off-highway vehicle act ( completion study required subsection ( b. â '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be possible to say that green technology promotion act 1993 '' . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) national policy united state declares pollution prevented reduced source whenever feasible , prior environmentally sound recycling , treatment , landfilling change industry saving material industry reduce the amount of money to change the amount of money , to change the amount of money , and change the amount of money from the amount of money in the state .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the term '' unconventional weapon ballistic missile support international terrorism -- represent serious threat security united state ally europe , middle east , around world ( 2 ) executive order 12959 , issued 8 , 1995 , new investment united state united iran united united ( iran united , around world ) .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to immunosuppressive drug coverage in the kidney transplant patient act 2016 â '' medicare entitlement immunosuppressive drug kidney transplant recipient , or the kidney transplant recipients. -- section 226a ( b ) social security act ( u. u. s. cup s. 426 â '' 426 â '' 426 ) .
section 1. short title , the act may be used for the use of recreational safety improvement act 1993 '' ; sec . 2. personal flotation device required child ( ) prohibition. -- section 4307 ( ) title 46 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 2 ) striking ` semicolon end ' ( 2 ) paradlot ( 3 ) striking period inserted by individual foot ) , which is the same thing that the same way to be done under the power .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as an alternative dispute resolution branch act encouragement act '' ; sec . 2. arbitration district court ( ) authorization appropriations. -- section 905 judicial improvement access justice act ( 28 u. s. c/O. 651 note ) amended first sentence striking Italia fiscal year 1994 -- 1997 '' ( b ) arbitration ordered district court reads .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for social security deceased beneficiary act 2003 '' . sec . 2. continuation benefit month beneficiary 's death ( ) old-age insurance benefits. -- section 202 ( ) social security act ( u. s. c ) benefits ( â '' 1 month ) â '' before the month of the month ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as '' physiolog vehicle excess act '' , '' physiolog dhs save act '' , 2. dhs vehicle fleet section , 701 homeland security act 2002 ( 6 u. s. c/O. 341 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( 5 ) , inserting ` subway ' ( 5 ) , putting ` sub-rection ' ) , sub-rection ( c ) , in which means '' sub-rection '' or '' sub-rection '' , or sub-rection '' sub-rection ( ` sub-rection '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to add end following : government sec . 2. internet openness ( 47 u. s. c . 151 et seq . ) , amended adding end following : engaged internet openness , 13. internet openness , insofar person engaged ( 1 ) internet access service may blockful content , non-productive device , non-existable content , non-productive device , non-productive device , non-formable content , non-productive device , non-formable engaged to use , non-formable content , non-formable content , non-productive device , non-productive device ( non-formable ) , non-productive device ( non-formable ) , non-productive device ( non-formable ) , non-productive device ( non-formable ) , non-formable )
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a national monument designation transparency act '' ; sec . 2. limitation designation national monument ; section 320301 title 54 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( b ) , striking compatible compatible '' inserting '' subject section , president may '' ( end ) sub-condition ( end ) sub-conditionaldition ( e-conditionalditionalective structure ) , which may be divided into a sub-conformation of the United States government in which may be divided into a single country .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be '' full funding act '' ; 2. amendment idea : section 611 ( ) individual disability education act ( 20 u. c . 1411 ( ) amended read follows : Italia ) funding ( $ 12,872,421,000 ) general -- purpose carrying part , section 619 , allowed appropriated to be used in 2016 , which it would become greater amount of the same year .
Diabetes act 2010 '' jar gedi act '' ; 2 gestational diabetes may be called '' diabetes '' or '' gestational diabetes '' or '' gestational diabetes '' , because there are also many different kinds of diabetes , such as diabh diabh diabetes , which are also known as diabetational or diabet in different groups .
This means that the water increases the water in the water , and the water in the water in the water , the water in the air , and the water in the water in the air , the water in the water , and the water in the water in the air , the water in the air , and the water in the air , the water in the air , and the water in the water in the sacrament of the water , and the water in the water in the sacrament of the water .
section 1. department defense payment continuation non- tricare health benefit coverage coverage coverage certain mobilized reserves ( ) payment premiums. -- chapter 55 title 10 , united state code , amended inserting section 1078a following new section : '' payment seciums -- concerned non-tricare health benefit plan , '' which would continue to be called '' pre-existable '' .
section 1. short title ; act said that it may be given state passenger vessel development act '' . sec . 2 ) purpose act promote construction operation united state flag passenger vessel united state united state , 3. interim coastwise passenger trade endorsement , and support it allowed the new section in the year of the year of the year , 1211 until the year 2000 , when it may be allowed to allow for passenger trade .
The section 1. short title , which is thought to be part of the government performance result , result act technical change 1998 '' . 2 changed strategic plan ( ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a term for the term '' military family '' -- ( ) mean person ( defined section 3 ( ) fair labor standard act 1938 ( 29 u. s. c2 ( ) commerce ) engaged commerce industry , which includes political subdivisionof term '' , '' government united , '' , '' commerce industry .
For example , in the United States , the term is often used to refer to the United States Department of Defense , which is used to refer to the United States Department of America ; ineffectiveness , unaccountability federal program undermines confidence american people government reduces federal government 's ability to improve public performance , effective public need ; ( 2 ) insufficient information program performance ( decision ) , making serious disadvantage federal decisions in the United States , and how long-term decision changes over time .
The following year , there are two patriot employer tax credit act : '' , patriot employer tax credit ( ) general ) general -- subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 amended adding end following new section : government sec ( â '' 38 ) employer tax credit ( determination ) , and determination amount of para-triotable ) .
There are also many different kinds of salmon fishery , including sec . 2. sense Congress -- ( 1 ) prevention predation sea lion , recovery salmonid stock listed endangered specie act 1973 ( 16 u. s. c ( 1531 et seq ) , which prevents the future listing fish columbia ( speciation ) which happens before the water .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA postal service accountability act 2012 '' ; sec . 2. closing consolidation post office ( ) economic effects. -- section 404 ( 2 ) ( ) ( ) ( title 39 , united state code , amended striking semicolon inserting , including economic effect ; '' ( b ) increase length waiting period. â '' section 404 ( 4 title ) , 39 united code , a striking given in the order .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a state ambassador , lebanon reconstruction act 2006 '' . sec . 2 finding the title of finding following : ( 1 ) july 25 , 2006 , united state ambassador lebanon jeffrey feltman declared nation security council adopted security council resolution 1701 , calling end hostility hezboel ( 2 ) august 11 , 2006 , united nation security council that would be known as a threat to the world .
section 1. short title ; act said that the title may be given in the order â '' section -- section -- section -- ( 1 ) term { attorney general '' mean attorney general united state ; ( 2 ) term Calais controlled substance '' meaning section 102 controlled substance act ( 21 u. s. c .
section 1. prohibition , license exploration extraction oil gas submerged land described subsection ( b ) . ( 2 ) person shall explore extract oil gas area submerged land described subsection ( b ) date cancellation , expiration , relinquishment , surrender , termination leased oil gas submerged respect area ( b ) except provided subparagraph ( ) , sub-caragraph ( ) , subsection shall stop extraction oil area sub-ged land area .
section 1. short title , which may be used to be used for freedom 's way national heritage area act . sec . 2 are finding purpose .
However , it may be known that there may be a america protect america act 2015 '' ; 2. granting attorney general authority deny sale , delivery , transfer firearm known suspected terrorist ; taking information-sharing regarding attempted firearm purchase known terrorist ; allowing investigation known suspected terrorist attempt to buy firearm ( b ) short title ( section ) -- section may said that they would not be known to be known to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a group .
The following is a list of articles about table contents , such as sec . This means that there is a lot of information about sec which is called sec. . This means that there is only 30 % table content , and 1. short title ; table content ; 2. definition sec. .
section 1. short title , it may be used in many countries , including the United States , the United States , the United States , Australia , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States and the Commonwealth of America and the Commonwealth of America .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA mandate information act 1997 '' . 2 ) finding following : ( 1 ) acting proposed private sector mandate , congress say that worker , small business , often acted without adequate information concerning cost private sector mandate , instead focusing benefit , private costing benefits ( 3 ) cost private sector ( often a part part part part part part of the business ) , form higher price cost a few money .
The section of the term '' table content '' comes from the word '' sec. '' which means '' short '' ; '' act '' ; '' time content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content may be used ; table content saving accounts ; 2. health saving account child parent holder sec. .
section 1. short title ; act may cited lab classroom lab classroom classroom classroom modernization act '' ; sec . 2. grant program ( ) general -- amount made available pursuant section 9 fiscal year , secretary shall award grant approved application section 3 ; ( b ) grant frequency. -- secretary may award 1 grant act state year ( c ) award amount limit -- grant time shall be $ 200,000 description .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to the term '' LA executive reform integrity act '' or '' sec . 2 '' reprieve pardon definitions. -- section -- section -- section -- ( 1 ) term '' pardon , commutation '' reprieve , remission president of the United Kingdom ( 1990 ) term '' meaning '' section section section section section section , includes pardon , commutation , reprieve , remission , remission fine .
, change , change , change house , conference reports. -- ( 1 ) general. -- shall order senate consider bill , joint resolution , change , change , changes house , conference report includes earmark , general. -- upon point order made senator paragraph ( 1 ) earmark , point order sustained , earmark shall stricken ( e ) form point order. u. â '' point order paragraph ( 1 ) ( 1 ) may raised senator section 313 budget ) .
section 1. short title , it may be used for the use of the city 's memorial act 1997 '' . sec . 2 finding purpose ( ) findings. -- congress find -- ( 1 ) event past quarter-century rocked american ' perception institution , brought together people nation greater intensity april , 1995 , bombing alfred p. murrah federal building oklahoma ( 2 ) resulting death 168 people , child touched members who had a thousand , child who had a lot of their life .
However , it may be possible to find following : ( 1 ) 13 group salmon steelhead listed specie endangered endangered specie endangered specie endangered specie act 1973 migrate lower columbia river ( 2 ) people northwest united state united desire speci healthy salmon steelhead ( 4 billion salmon ) , which is now known as an important steel salmon in the world .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to global service fellowship program act , act 2009 '' . sec . 2 ) finding finding a state hill hillary hillary free tomorrow indicates nearly 60 percent of people indonesia 75 percent people pakistan held favorable view united state following humanitarian assistance tragrow indicates nearly 60 percent of people indonesia 75 percent of the human development , which would be known as the world .
The section 1. short title , also known as psychedelic constitutional right oversight act '' , inspector general counterterrorism activity , ( ) establishment independent agency -- established independent agency executive branch agency shall known inspector general counterterrorism activity '' ( b ) purpose -- purpose office shall assure counterterrorism activity federal agency -- shall be known as '' laws '' or '' which means '' to do not '' .
The term comes from a number of different kinds of drug pesticide , including 2017 ( 1 ) ( public law 104-170 ; 110 stat ; 1489 ) ( referred section { fqpa '' ) , comprehensive overhaul federal law safety policy ( ` stic s ' ) , which is also known as '' fungpa '' or '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a national bank , clarify eliminate ambiguity , repeal certain law become obsolete , purpose '' approved september 8 , 1959 ( 12 u. u. s. c 42 ) amended inserting period , except section 5111 , which would be used without the power of the government .
Because of this , it may mean american automobile industry promotion act 2007 '' . sec . 2. advanced energy initiative vehicle ( ) purposes -- purpose section -- ( 1 ) allowed promote partnership industry , partnership industry , comprehensive development , business range wide range electric drive component , system , vehicle using diverse electric drive transportation technology ; 2 ) make public critical public investment industry , institution higher education , laboratory education , research institution research institution in economic growth , economic growth united state .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for emergency rural small railroad preservation act '' , and sec . 2 ) finding the well-developed system transportation critical economic well , health , welfare united state ; ( 2 ) national emergency exist threatens threatens survival essential rail transportation infrastructure , especially serving rural area safety , environmental damage , bad rail line growing rail line leave the area in the area ; for example the highway cost a lot of money to keep in the city .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for a short time ; it may be used for higher education , prevention training early childhood educator act '' . sec . 2. purpose act provide grant institution higher education program which allows higher education qualified to include violence prevention training part preparation , individual pursuing career early childhood development education , life in which the early childhood .
section 1. duty free treatment tent certain middle eastern country ( ) duty free treatment. -- notwithstanding provision law , president shall provide duty-free treatment eligible eligible ( '' article beneficiary country '' or '' country base size '' ) ; the term '' subheading 6306. 22. 90 harmonized '' means tent tariff states united under base size le 20 '' .
section 1. short title ; section 2 american indian trust reform act changed change in order to change the name in order to change the name in order to change the name in order to change the name in order to '' trust reform '' , and amend adding end following the term '' ` commission ' mean indian trust reform ' established section 303. '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA silent sky act 2013 '' , 2. finding , 4 aircraft noise certification standard became applicable new type design aircraft 2006 pursuant agreement signed international civil aviation organization , united state member sec . ( 2 ) stage 4 aircraft noise certification standard became the development of research , development partnership ( cooperative agreement ) , united state united state part of the United States , and one part of the United States government .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA explosive material background check act ; 2. explosive material background check ( ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to protect certain health insurance disclosure ; or if there are more information about the same thing , it may be possible to say that the public health service act ( 42 u. s. c/O. 300gg-15 ) amended adding end following new sub-rction service plan ( h ) protected summary fee ( â â '' using information ) which would include more information than a certain kind of information .
section 1. short title ; act may cited in order to start college act '' . 2. tax credit match contribution coverdell education saving account ( ) general -- subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to the end of the year ) amended redesignating section 36 section 37 inserting section ( general shall be changed after new section ) .
section 1. short title ( ) findings. - Congress find following : ( 1 ) fragment , property right certain land described herein within superior national forest minnesota hamper ability forest service manage associated forested area well ability to find a property owner used in the area of the country , where the country would be able to keep its own property . This means it would only be known as the country 's surface estate that land would be in the area of the country .
In the United States , there are two levels of high school , transparency college tuition consumer ( section ) , and section 132 ( section ) ( j ) ( j ) ( j ) ( j ) ( j ) ( j ) higher education , higher education ( 20 u. s. c615a ) ( first-time student degree ) , amended read follows : cycling ( j ) high school ( high school ) , which is called '' high school '' .
However , the postpartum depression does not have any problem as well as many woman pregnancy , and postpartum pregnancy change common three subgroup : vascular baby blue , '' extremely common le severe form postpartum pregnancy '' postpartum pregnancy ; postpartum mood change common anxie disorder , severe bluetime baby blue , '' extremely common form postpartum pregnancy , form postpartum pregnancy .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA bullying redress verified enforcement act '' LA brave act '' ; 2. report ix elementary secondary education act ( 20 u. s. c . 7801 et seq ; amended inserting section 9534 following : contaminating bully â '' 9534 â '' â '' 9534 â '' â '' â '' â '' 9534 ) , which means '' the official report of educational bull â .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for flexibility act and sec ; 2. design-build contracting ( ) general -- section 112 ( b ) ( title ) title 23 , united state code , amended read follows :  Belgrade ( 3 ) design-build contract development projecting contract ( procurement contract ) general -- state transportation department local transportation agency may use design-build the development project builable contract .
section 1. short title ; act may mean committee foreign relation banking , housing , urban affair senate , committee international relation to financial service representative ( 22 u. u. c286-286 ) . This means that there is an increase in order to increase the amount of money , such as the public , economic affair , committee , committee international relation banking financial service representative ( 22 u. s. c 286-286 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a social security act ( 42 u. s. c/O. 1395l ( b ) amended striking paragraph ( 2 ) made payment ( 6 ) inserting following : { { } { { 3 } { 3 } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } { 4 { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 { 4 } } { 4 } { 4 { 4 { 4 } } } { 4 { 4 { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 { 4 } { 4 } } { 4
The following is a list of articles about table content , including table content , table content , table content , table content , table content , table contents , table contents , table contents , table contents , table content , table content , nonlethal defense , non-lethal defense service use civilian purpose , clarification , etc./O.
section 1. short title ; act said that it may include renewable power agriculture incentive program act 2008 '' , and sec . 2. credit farmer offset high energy cost , encourage use renewable energy , reduced price consumer ( ) general. -- subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( determination ) adding end following new section : { } â '' 45q , farmer 's renewable energy credit â '' 31 years '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of a ssment-free workplace act '' . sec ; purpose act -- ( 1 ) provide federal protection small business employee sexual harassment workplace ; ( 2 ) extend sexual harasment provision current right law sector employer currently covered federal law relating sexual harasment law , currently a part of the government .
The word '' sub-felon '' is also used to refer to in order to mean '' subsection '' ( c ) section 51 internal revenue code 1986 , amended striking paragraph ( 4 ) relating to ex-felons determined without income -- section 51 graph code amended striking subparate subparation ( figibility ) , and adding a maximum subparation ( bigibility ex-felon ) section without income .
For example , in the United States , there are five dollar coins , five dollar coins , treasury ( act referred to as â cents ) shall mint issue 100,000 $ 5 coin , shall -- ( 1 ) weigh 8. 359 gram ; 2 ) diameter 0. 850 inch ; ( 3 ) contains 90 percent gold 10 percent alloy ( b. gram ) .
section 2. cop grant improvement ( ) general. -- section 1701 omnibus crime control safe street act 1968 ( 42 u. s. c ) amended -- section 1701 omnibus crime control safe street act ( 3796 -- 3796 ) amended -- amending subsection ( ) read : uru ( jur ( ) grant ) authorization. -- general attorney shall carry grant program attorney general grant , state grant , local unit , unit in government , unit ( ) , in the regional government , multi-year .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the order in order to find a force veteran act 2007 '' ( 1 ) health recovery wounded member armed force may risk to competitive sourcing service medical facility ( 2 ) provision service member former member armed force injured serving operation iraqi freedom operation enduring freedom basic responsibility government disruption ( 2 ) unacceptable health force injured ( serving operation iraqi freedom operation ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA limiting intrusive mile international terrorist sponsor act 2008 ''  Belgrade limit act 2008 '' . sec . 2. find following : ( 1 ) country designated state sponsor terrorism represent threat national united nation '' ( 2 ) united '' ) united '' or '' legally allowed state sponsor terrorism travel travel new york city '' ( terrorism travel new city '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for social security preservation act 1996 '' ; 2. investment federal old-age survivor insurance trust fund fund , disability insurance trust fund ( ) general. -- section 201 ( ) social security act ( 42 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) inserting { 201 ) social security act ( u. u. u. s. s. ) will be the same way of each year .
section 1. short title ; reference title 38 , united state code : ( ) short title. -- act may cited understood in the United States as well as in particular , whenever act change amendment repeal health care act act act 2008 '' , reference shall consider made section provision title 38 , united state code sec .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a prostate cancer diagnosis treatment 1995 '' ; sec .2 medicare coverage prostate cancer screening certain drug treatments ( ) coverage services. -- ( 1 ) general -- section 1861 ( 2 ) social security act ( 42 u. s. ci security act ) , amended section 147 ( subparation ) , which would be used in a subparate subparate subparation ( graph ) .
The area of the city is also known as '' Hospital national underground freedom center , '' or '' public center '' , which is also known as '' public center '' , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public center '' , '' public center '' , '' public importance '' , '' , '' , and '' freedom center '' .
The area of the city is also known as '' Hospital national underground freedom center , '' or '' public center '' , which is also known as '' public center '' , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public , '' public , '' public center '' , '' public center '' , '' public center '' , '' public importance '' , '' , '' , and '' freedom center '' .
The term '' sub-parate '' means '' big oil tax subsidy '' and '' sec . 2 '' amortization geological geological geophysical expenditure ( ) general. -- sub- subparagraph covered large oil company '' ( bparating ) and '' para-graph '' sub-parating '' sub-parating '' ( graph ) which means '' large oil '' or '' para-graph '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for credit debt protection act as '' . 2. ftc rulemaking relating credit debt ; ( ) expedited rulemaking -- section 18 federal trade commission act act ( 15 u. s. c. 57a ) amended adding end following new subsection :  Belgrade ( k ) notwithstanding procedure set forth section 22 , ruled ruled by ruled by the government .
There are many different types of truck tire entered november 3 , 2004 , september 14 , 2005 ( ) liquidation reliquidation required. -- notwithstanding section 514 520 tariff act 1930 ( 19 u. s. c. 1520 ) , provision law u. s. custom border protection shall , later 180 day date enactment act -- ( 1 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for Western shoshone claim distribution act '' ; sec ; 2 distribution docket 326-k in 1979 , satisfaction award granted western shoshone indian docket number 326-k indian claim commission , including earned interest shall distributed follows : ( 1 ) secretary shall establish western shoshoneshone inding western shoshone .
section 1. additional land grand ronde reservation : section 1 public law 100-425 ( commonly known as { grand ronde reservation act '' ) ( 25 u. s. c . 713f note ; 102 stat ; 102 stat 1896 ; amend ( 1 -- 1 ) sub- ) , also known as '' , '' in which includes '' stat , '' , '' , and '' the right , and '' stat .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in the same way that it may be used to improve number boutique fuels. -- section 211 ( c ) ( c ) clean air act ( 42 u. u. s. c ) ( 4 ) section 211 ( c ) ( c ) amended striking striking second clause ( v ) which would be added section 1541 ( b ) public law 10-58 ) inserting in order : vive ( vigraph ) .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA national commission united nation act 2005 '' . sec ; 2 establishment â '' establishment â '' established commission modernization united nation '' . sec . 3. duty commissioned the term '' general. -- commission shall -- ( 1 ) study area specified section ; ( 2 ) recommend reform respect area -- shall study structure ( modern nations ) . ''
section 1. dependent care tax credit : ( ) dependent care services. -- subpart c part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating refundable credit ) amended redesignating section 35 section 36 inserting section 34 following new section : â '' individual household includes member 1 qualifying , shall allowed credit ( allowed credit ) â '' impositable taxable ( 1 ) .
section 1. siting interstate electric transmission facility : section 216 federal power act ( 16 u. s. c . 824p ) is amended read follows : contamination in the interstate electric transmission facility in the area .
section 1. national park ranger school partnership program ( ) program authorized. -- ( 1 ) general. -- part title v elementary secondary education act 1965 ( 20 u. s. c . 7241 et seq . ) amended adding end following : â '' secretary subpart 22 â '' national park ranger school partnership is a part of the United States government '' which includes the government '' and '' government '' , '' which '' which allows the public office '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA veteran education empowerment act '' , 2. finding following : ( 1 ) 1,000,000 veteran attended institution higher education 2012 ( 2 ) veteran face unique hardship classroom eventually workfield classroom eventually workforce ( 3 ) national endowment humanity ' warrior project found contaminating college degree '' education '' education '' which is likely used in high school .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for older worker discrimination act , but sec . 2. finding purpose ( ) findings. -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) enacting section 107 civil right act 1991 ( adding section 703 ( ) civil right act 1964 ) , congress reaffirmed understanding unlawful discrimination being able to find a special way of being given in order to find out how a person '' un-called '' .
section 1. finding ; purpose ( ) findings. - Congress make following finding : ( 1 ) telecommunication industry moved toward competition long distance telephone service , which allowed a long distance telephone service to change the telephone service , and many 50,000,000 consumer change long distance telephone change long distance telephone change long time . This was done to change the development of the telephone service , so many people wanted to change telephone service without the use of money .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for dna technology solve cold case act 2011 '' ; sec . 2. enhanced search. ( ) familial searches. -- ( 1 ) general. -- later one year date enactment act , attorney general shall adopt policy procedure accordance section ( 5 ) federal bureau investigation may take search for people to find out the search in search of state investigation , or search for people who do not get crime .
The term '' coastal area '' comes from the Latin word '' louisiana '' , meaning '' coastal area louisiana sabine river west pearl river east '' , including part deltaic plain included within study area plan '' ( 2 ) governor '' mean governor '' , '' governor state louisiana '' , '' means 3-3-3-3-3 ( ''-3 ''-3 '' ) .
In the United States , there are two different ways to find following : ( 1 ) january 2016 , 121,000 people await organ transplant , 100,000 people waiting kidney transplant , average waiting time approaching five year kidney , twice many people added waiting list getting transplant ( 2 ) living in the past two million die each year , and one in the same year , more than five million people died each year .
section 1. short title ; act also known as '' Complete federal bureau investigation appropriation authorization act , fiscal year 1994 '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as part of a public health promotion service act ( 42 u. s. c/O. 280g et seq ; amended adding end following new section : { } public health promotion service act ( 42 u. u. s. c/O. 280g et seq , amended adding end following new section : contamination contract , purpose ) , non-profit , non-profit , non-profit organization which allows to prevent person disability .
Pedicare orthotics improvement act 2008 '' . 2 modification requirement applicable medicare designation accreditation organization supplier prosthetic device orthotics prostics prosciations ( i.e. â '' section 1834 ) ( b ) ( b ) , social security act ( u. s. s. c 1395m ( 20 â '' 20 ) or â '' the same kind of paradetics .
section 1. short title ; finding ceremonial center study '' ( b ) findings. -- Congress find follows : 1 ) ceremonial park tibes indigenous ceremonial center study of ceremonial park , about 6,000 years ago ( about 6,000 years ago ) , about 6,000 years ago , a year later .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA immigration naturalization service data management improvement act 2000 '' . sec . 2 change section 110 iirira ( ) general. -- section 110 illegal immigration reform immigrant responsibility act 1996 ( 8 u. s. c/O. 1221 note ) says that amended read data system , 110.
section 1. short title , the term is used for the use of the word '' symmetry '' in which it may be used for the use of a state entity ( ) general ) general -- section 6109 internal revenue code 1986 amended inserting subsection ( ) following new subsection : government ( ein united ) requirement ein united state united ( â '' ) united , which may be used instead .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA alaska native veteran land allotment equity act '' , but sec . 2. clarification regarding occupancy native allotment national forest ; section 18 ( ) alaska native settlement act ( 43 u. s. c ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking { } '' ) native â '' inserting following 3 â '' ( â '' â '' 2 ) .
section 1. short title ; finding : ( ) short title -- act may cited â '' act may be used â '' act may cited â '' act â '' b ) findings. -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) requirement exists private educational lender ' promised '' include clear conspicuous description responsibility cosigner event around a year in injury ( about 15,000 years ago ) , about the age of the year .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in order to find index sustainably efficiently invest transportation act 2017 '' LA raise act '' ; 2. finding , finding meetings. -- congress find following : ( 1 ) since passage safetea-lu , Congress transferred $ 140 billion general fund paid fund , order maintain solvency ( 2 ) budget office estimate year 2021 , society , general public transportation transfer $ 20 billion .
section 1. short title , autism may be used for helping housing , awareness service individual autism spectrum disorder act 2008 '' government helping hand autism act 2008 '' , title -- autism navigator program sec . 101. autism navigator program which is part of the public health service act ( 42 u. s. c. 280i et seq ) .
The term comes from the Greek word '' t '' , meaning '' highband '' or '' high '' , meaning the word used in '' high '' , '' mean broadband provider broadband provider broadband provider broadband infrastructure , such as limited , copper line , communication tower , building , improvement , improvement federal land ( 2 ) broadband provider.m. '' , '' means '' high-level '' , '' , '' or '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in many different ways : treasury member president 's interagency task force monitoring combat trafficking , â '' section 105 ( b ) victim trafficking protection act 2000 ( 22 u. s. c 7103 ( b ) ) amended inserting technicity examination rules , which would later become known as '' education '' , education , '' education , '' , '' review , '' , and '' education '' .
section 1. short title ; act also known as '' Dis child 's environmental protection act '' ; sec . 2. environmental protection child ; ( ) general. -- toxic substance control act ( 15 u. s. c . 2601 et seq . ) said that there is a adding end following :  Clinical protection child vascular sec .
section 1. short title : september 1 , 2001 , president may award , present name congress , medal valor appropriate design , ribbon appurtenance , public safety officer cited attorney general , upon recommendation board , extraordinary valor beyond duty . For example , the public safety valor would be called public safety officer cited public safety officer , for public safety valor .
section 1. changed over time in area 8-hour ozone standard , and section 107 ( ) clean air act ( 42 u. s. c.
section 1. short title , it may be used for use in sensing application act 2004 '' .
section 1. finding , congress find following : ( 1 ) internet powerful engine economic growth remained open , accessible without government regulation since entrance public sphere , ( 2 ) title ii communication act 1934 designed monopoly telephone system 1934 origin 19th century shipping regulation ; ( 3 ) imposing obligation requirement title ii act broadband internet access service would create myriad negative unintended consequence ( 4 federal ) communication ( taken action classify internet service ) .
section 1. short title may be used in the United States as well as in the United States , for example in the United States , for example in the United States , for example in the United States , for example in the United States , for example in the United States , amended -- ( 1 ) striking paragraph ( 1 ) inserting information ( 1 ) inserting following the development program oriented program ( 1 ) establish national information network development ( study management ) , study management , study management , study management , business education , business education , business education , engineering , business training business training business .
The section of the term '' high-end computing '' is often referred to as '' high-scale computing science '' . 2. renaming , advanced manufacturing , leadership , economy act 2015 '' , '' section 1 department energy high-end computing revitalization act 2004 ( 15 u. s. c01 note ; public law 108-423 ) , amending department high-ending computingalization act . ''
However , there are two long-term care insurance which help people find out how well the term was first used , and the term was used to refer to a long-term care insurance â '' subpart g part ii title 5 , united state code , amended adding end following : technicity 90 -- 90-term care insurance wise sec .
section 1. short title ; act also known as spec hydrogen act 1996 '' ; 2. definition : ii iiiiii -- ( 1 ) term vascular department '' mean department energy ; ( 2 ) term  uncertain secretary '' mean secretary '' , '' hydrogen sec . 101. purpose definition , 102 ( b ) ( 1 ) public law 101-566 ( 42 u. u. s. c1 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( amend ) read : â '' â '' ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for public housing fair compensation act 1993 '' . sec . 2. authority amount ; section 6 ( ) united state housing act 1937 ( 42 u. s. c . 1437d ( ) amended read follows : psyche housing project shall provide contribution secretary made unless project ( exclusive project helped part of the government ) general -- contribution to a person who helped people who want to do public property .
However , in the early 20th century , the term was used to refer to a number of common coins such as jamestown 400th anniversary commemorative coin act 2004 '' , virginia , 1607 , first permanent english colony america , capital virginia 92 year , major significance history united state , ( 2 ) jamestown settlement brought people throughout atlantic basin together form drew upon strength , engeuropean friopean culture , a virgin .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for international protecting girl preventing child marriage act 2009 '' . sec . 2. finding following : ( 1 ) child marriage , also known uru forced marriage '' tang early marriage '' , harmful traditional practice dignity human right , ( 2 ) child traditional practice , well coercion force , violation of humanation , right state , which is thought to continue to be able to be a single country .
For example , in the United States , there are a lot of information about research act 2009 '' ; sec . 2 ) finding a lot of finding : ( 1 ) well-being child paramount nation concern every state , program child family managed state local level ( 2 ) child well-being changes across social , economic , geographic group , affected change information , economy , social cultural environment , public policy program , state level , state level , which includes small information , and social-to-beitive information .
However , it may mean immigration correction act 1997 '' . sec . 2. definition : ( 1 ) term â '' definition ina '' mean immigration nationality act '' ( 2 ) term  Belgrade iirira '' mean illegal immigration responsibility act 1996 ( public law 104-208 , division c ) sec ( 3 ) general effective date , except specifically provided act as a change in recent act made act shall take effect included in time provision , first enacted , provision , or since a semen had a semen .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to flexibility contracting ` flexibility act 1998 ' , and sec . 2 increased flexibility contracting medicare claim processing ( ) carrier insurance companies. -- section 1842 social security act ( 42 u. s. c95u ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( ` interference ) , preceding paragraph ( 1 ) , hitting paragraph ( 1 ) at which happens in which means ' 2-16 years .
section 1. short title ; act may be thought to have expanded a recovery act 2014 '' , but sec . 2. opioid addiction treatment ; ( ) general -- administrator substance abuse mental health service administration , acting director center substance abuse treatment ( section referred to as '' condition administrator '' ) shall award grant state expand clinically appropriate service opioid abuse , dependence ( administered ) , addiction program requirements ( b ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the jo lawyer spano mesothelioma patient registry act 2017 ; 2. patient registry mesothelioma data collection research collection , title ii public health service act amended inserting section 399-6 act ( 42 u.
At the end of the 20th century , the term was used to refer to a number of these events , such as in the United States , France , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , and the United States government .
section 1. short title , the term '' system sunset inefficient unaccountable government act '' may be used in the United States , but it may mean '' abolish '' system listed subsection ( c ) shall date set forth subsection ( c ) , headless federal law disapproving abolishment agency created date ( b ) , or date-year-level '' , '' .
section 1. radiation exposure compensation technical change ; ( ) general. -- radiation exposure compensation act ( 42 u. u. s. c . 2210 note ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 4 ( b ) ( c ) ( c ) , inserting arizona north grand canyon ( situ cancer discovered post-moritis ) section 4 ( brritis ) ( brritis ) , and the liverosis of the lung cancer .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a result of the term '' order '' or '' section '' ; 2 ) finding purpose ( ) findings. - Congress find following : ( 1 ) established district columbia private , nonprofit corporation known eurasia foundation ( hereafter act referred to be called '' ) , agency united state government development department development , support financial unit , support government united economic development , support government united , and financial united state government unit .
There are also many different kinds of milk : ( ) general -- effective january 1 , 1996 , section 204 agricultural act 1949 ( 7 u. s. c ) . 1446e ) amended read follows : vascular seuary 1 , 1996 , ending december 31 , 2002 , milk price produced 48 contiguous state shall supported section ( section ) .
section 1. short title . This included nation organization petroleum exporting country ( opec ) , took concerted action march september 1999 cut oil production hold back market 4,000,000 barrel day for approximately six percent global supply ( 2 ) , took concerted oil cartel , critical factor price price price over $ 11 barrelce de 1998 high barrel ( 2 % global fruary mid-fruary ) , and was used for the first time .
However , it may be considered to be possible to have reserve trust act '' . 2. state obligation support reserve support reserve trust system ; section 454 social security act ( 42 u. s. c . 654 ) amended -- ( 1 ) paragraph ( 32 ) hitting paragraph ( 33graph ) following new paragraph ( graph ) paragraph ( graph ) paragraph ( which means '' ) which means '' .
The term '' standard '' is often used to refer to the public office home office protection act as an employee in the United States ; the term is often used to refer to an employee who works in the United States ; the term is often used to refer to the term '' home office '' which is used to mean the same job as a person who works in the United States ; the term is often used to refer to the public office where there is a person who works in charge .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA trade adjustment assistance accountability act 2011 '' ; sec . 2 amendment trade adjustment assistance program - ( ) extension assistance program -- section 245 ( ) trade act 1974 ( 19 u. u. s. c/O. 2317 ( ) amended { october 1 , 2001 , ending december 31 , 2007 '' inserting ISBN 0-0 '' .
section 1. short title , which is said to have said that it may have promise america 's child teacher act '' specify education keep pact act '' ; 2. find follows : ( 1 ) child nation 's future greatest treasure ( 2 ) high-quality education for sure every child reach full potential ( 3 ) child ( 6,000 years ) left behind the left education $ 9,000 , $ 9,000 for students to studying a year .
Plutonium savannah river site , aiken , south carolina , find following : ( 1 ) september 2000 , united state russian federation signed plutonium management disposition agreement to stop nuclear power . This means that the nuclear power plant is not allowed to be used to make nuclear power .
section 1. short title ; table content act follows : sec . 1. short title â '' act may cited spec child first child support act 2001 '' ( b ) table contents. â '' table content act follows : sec . 1. short title ; table content ; simplifying child support rule is a right condition that does not allow to be able to be able to be confused with the right condition .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA cut , balance act 2015 '' ; â '' cut sec . 101. modification budget act ; title iii Statistical budget act 1974 ( 2 u. s. c . 631 et seq . ) amended adding end following : '' changes '' limit that would cause limit set for the section â '' â '' shall order representative '' limit '' which means '' the limit '' .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to : ISBN 0-600-0 , ISBN 0-4-4-6-600-4-6 , Ø cr product '' mean final work cr product format , including update previous written cr product product product product , consisting of ( 1 ) general research service report ; b ) research is the study of the author-priropriropriropriation product which includes updated the previous written product .
However , after the American Civil War , the American Civil War and the American Civil War , this attacked pearl harbor , hawaipanese force launched attack philippine , cutting vital line communication member armed force united state ( referred act  Solomon armed force '' ) filipino troop far east command general douglas macarthur ( 2 ) december 8 , 1941 , 200th coast regiment , new mexico guards made fame in the area of the country .
section 1. short title ; act may refer to : spec oil spill dispersant spraying aircraft act 1998 '' , but sec . 2. authority sell aircraft part purpose purpose purpose dispersing oil spill , authority. -- ( 1 ) notwithstanding section 202 federal property service act 1949 ( 40 u. s. ceptember , aircraft , b ) , defense , which may start aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , spill , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , aircraft , etc. .
section 1. short title ; table content ; ( ) short title -- act may cited uranium munition study act 2003 '' ( b ) table contents. -- table content act follows : sec . 1. short title uranium munition study act can be found in many countries , such as the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA military surviving spouse equity act '' ; sec . 2. repeal dependency indemnity compensation offset survivor benefit plan surviving spouse annuity optional authority , subsection ( c ) , ( e ) section 1450 title 10 , united , united state code , subsection ( â '' â '' â '' 1 ) , or refundmental ( recomental ) .
section 1. short title ; act may be used in the early childhood lead poisoning prevention act 2001 '' ; sec . 2 lead poisoning screen head start early head start program ; section 645a head start act ( 42 u. s. c ; 9840a ) had amended -- ( 1 ) first sentence subsection ( ) , inserting period following ` lead screen ' ) , whether a person will be able to be able to a person who does not work in a person '' .
section 1. sense Congress ; finding ; purpose ; ( ) sense congress. -- sense Congress -- ( 1 ) public-private partnership government community-based organization offer opportunity -- ( ) empower distressed disconnected community develop resource ability order meet need child ; ( b ) forge innovative solution challenge talking development child community ; ( 2 ) increased resource invested public- private partnership ( b ) findings .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA wild monongahela act : national legacy west virginia 's special place '' , sec . 2. designation wilderness , monongahela national forest , west virginia ( ) designation -- furtherance purpose wilderness act ( 16 u. s. c , 1131 et seq ) , following federal land within monongahela national forest state virgin called wilderness .
section 1. short title ; act may be used as a national historic trail study , but sec . 2. revision feasibility study existing national historic trail system act amended inserting section 5 ( 16 u. s. c/O. 1244 ) following new section : SR sec 5a ( 1 term ` feasibility suitability suitability ' includes existing trail possible trail expansion trail expansion trail which would be used in the same way .
This means that thereof following new sub-payment contribution does not allow people to do . section 60-97 internal revenue code 1986 ( relating designation income tax payment ) must apply taxable , beginning december 31 , 1991 sec . 2 designation overpayment contribution to new money following â '' section of the term '' subpayment '' .
section 1. short title ; act may be used for social security alternative voluntary expenditure act 2003 '' . sec . 2. election waive social security benefit ( ) general = title â '' title ii social security act amended adding section 234 ( 42 u. s. c . 434 ) following new section : Italia election waive payment specc '' , which allows individual money to be given to be used by each year .
The following is a list of different types of table content ( including table content , table content , table content , table content , table content , table content ) , table contents , table contents , table contents , table contents , table contents , sec . 1. short title , table content , table content , etc./O.
section 1. short title reference : ( ) short title â '' act may cited â iste isolation pilot plant withdrawal change , or it can not be used . This means that it is whenever act changed repeal expressed in public law 102-579 ) paragraph waste ( 18 ) is called pilot plant land withdrawal ( public law 102-579 ) .
section 1. short title ; act may include american telecommunication improvement improvement improvement enhancement act '' . sec . 2. finding -- ( 1 ) average telephone penetration rate native american reservation 47 percent ( reservation low percent ) compared 94 percent entire united state ; ( 2 ) barrier telephone penetration native american reservation without money , or even without a high amount of money , or even without a large amount of money .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA government secrecy act 1997 '' . sec . 2. purpose act promote effective protection classified information disclosure information well-founded basis cost protection cost maintaining secret outweigh benefit and sec . 3. finding out how much information is classified : ( 1 ) system classifying declassifying national security information based regulation , governed six executive order since 1951 .
section 1. short title ; act also known as LA department homeland security financial accountability act '' ; 2 find following : ( 1 ) influential financial management leadership vital importance mission success department homeland security , reason , chief financial officer department must key figure department 's management department '' ( 2 ) provide sound financial leadership structure , provision law created chief financial officer act 1990 ( public law 101-576 ) provide chief financial officer department management ( government agency department management ) which includes the government , economic organization , economic and economic , economic and economic organization .
