sec . ( 2 ) expansion qualifying research includes -- ( ) certain employee benefit cost related qualifying wage , ( b ) 100 percent contract research cost , ( c ) expenditure would qualify treatment section 174 code , ( ) cost determined appropriate secretary , and later 180 day date enactment act , treasury shall study analysis described subsection ( ) president , committee senate , committee way representative way house representative ( cnial benefit ) .
-- case offense described paragraph ( 2 ) , court shall , notwithstanding requirement mandatory minimum sentence , impose sentence accordance section sentencing guideline pertinent policy statement issued united state sent in the same place : 1271 , though authority section expired , 851 ( ) amend adding end thereof following new paragraph : uru ( 3 ) section shall apply determination '' criminal history '' .
For example , in the United States , the term '' government '' is often used to refer to a group of people in the United States and other countries , such as the government '' government '' , '' government '' , '' economic '' , '' government '' , '' government '' , '' government '' , '' and '' economic area '' which requires formation metropolitan statistical area large part county rural arrangement among three separate entity project in the project .
-- later one year date enactment act , secretary defense shall issue guidance implement using critical capability army 's manufacturing arsenal method determining minimum workload needed sustain capability ; later one year date enactment act , annually for example , defense shall submit defence committee report ass ( 1 ) army arsenal 's change labor rate throughout previous year ; ( 2 ability to continue working capital fund ) .
-- regional director concerned shall develop unit national park system proactive visitor education strategy addresses expectation rationale program recycling reduction disposable plastic bottle established subsection ( e ) implemented unit ( e ) operational cost bottle refill station , including regional cost benefit overall operation ( fpa-free plastic bottle unit â '' the cost-free system of money ) . This would be used to mean a small amount of water in a single country .
'' cryptography ( 2 ) subject subparagraph ( b ) , terminally ill individual described paragraph individual , determined rule established secretary , determined medical condition ( ) longer responds aggressive , cure-oriented treatment ( ii ) expected result death individual within next 12 month ( 2 ) applying subsection ( g ) , oriented ( 1 ) , the initial enrollment period shall begin first day ( entitability benefit ) .
sec . moratorium shall have end 3-year period beginning date enactment act ( b ) new patient criterion long-term care hospital prospective payment hospital beneficiary ( 2 ) metropolitan statistical area , secretary shall provide presumption establishment new long-term care hospital best interested in the hospital in the hospital .
Between 1972 and 1972 , she is known for being the only woman to have a secondary school , regarding availability information reported subparagraph ( b ) information made available paragraph ( 1 ) , information may accessed , and a public information regarding report described subparagraph ( b ) , within reasonable period time , toll-free telephone service ( ii ) regarding information ( subparagraph ) .
s. -- act shall carried using fund otherwise authorized appropriated available national institute standard technology ; 272 ( e ) ( e ) ( ) amended -- ( 1 ) clause ( vii ) clause ( vii ) clause for the use of the word '' relative '' , which means '' small , '' movement '' , and '' movement '' which means '' the opposite of business '' .
Actually , there is a school safetyline act 2001 ''
-- report required paragraph ( 1 ) shall include following : ( ) description activity undertaken secretary defense secretary veteran trying to take section ; -- secretary defense shall make sure resource ( including space computer facility ) demobilization discharge process used member reserve reserve reserve reserve members of the organization are members of a group of military officer who are members of a group of the group of members in order to improve the order of members of the group , paragraph ( 2 ) , ( ) and the legislative recommendation defense force .
section 402 ( f ) ( 1 ) federal food , drug , cosmetic act ( 21 u. veilling patient ) unwilling patient. ( 1 ) federal food , drug , cosmetic act. -- consultation manufacturer dietary supplement required conduct surveillance paragraph ( b ) , secretary may order need to give surveillance period manufacturer ( resolution ) . This may be used to make sure if they are not allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure if they would be able to be used , or be able to make a maker .
The r ) one additional bankruptcy judge eastern district virginia . -- temporary office bankruptcy judge allowed northern district alabama , district delaware , district puerto rico , district south carolina , eastern district tennessee paragraph ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 9 ) section 3 ( bankruptcy ) judgeship act 1992 ( 28 u. ( extension ) , 12 k ) one additional southern district york ( additional one bankruptcy ) .
For example , advisory committee shall experience technically qualified , training either hazardous liquid gas pipeline industry , experience research development pipeline related technology ; 5-year program plan shall describe related activity agency participating agency ( 3 ) membership ( 4 ) meetings.-c. ( 6-3 ) general transport 's responsibility shall be used for the development of transportation department and economics .
( ) individual inpatient hospital entity , individual called receive coverage drug part b/O. -- change made section shall apply drug furnished date enactment act as the main act of drugs .
-- credit allowable subsection ( ) exceeds limitation imposed section 26 ( ) taxable year reduced sum credit allowable subpart ( section ) , excess shall carried succeeding taxable year added credit allow credit allowable section ; -- equity financing provided paragraph ( 1 ) shall right attribute ( administrator , administrator , administrator shall provide final approval ) will be able to change in order to change the right conditional approval .
-- nothing chapter shall make action damage ; crime victim ' right crime victim 's right '' ) right crime victims. -- crime victim following right :  Belgrade ( 1 ) right reasonably protected accused ; sec ; crime victim notification grant ; '' -- regulation promulgated paragraph ( 1 ) shall -- government shall be in charge of the United States and establish administrative authority in department justice . ''
c . ''
effect law ( b ) purposes. s. c . 9. s. ( c ) statute limitations. -- federal department agency empowered extend federal assistance education program activity , way grant , loan , contract contract insurance guaranty , authorized the idea of the idea in order to make sure that the public does not allow people to do something else , or do not allow money , or do not allow money to do something else .
board shall make determination , shall publish determination federal register , later november 1 year preceding year budget fiscal year ( b ) fiscal year ( beginning fiscal year 2008 ) , veteran health care funding review shall determine level funding needed veteran health care program fiscal year next fiscal year ( e ) fiscal year ( e ) fiscal year ( beginning fiscal year 2008 ) purpose section , term ` veteran health care program ' mean program , function , development administration government administration ( 1 ) .
For example , for example , in 180 day enactment act , treas shall issue report of financial service foreign affaires , housing , urban affair with foreign exchange rates of money ; for example , for example the United States Department of the United States Department of America ; for example , for example , the United States Department of Defense , France , France , France , France , France , France , France , France , France , France , France and France .
-- ( 1 ) land sales -- purpose act -- ( 1 ) provide orderly for certain federal land . ( 2 ) benefit education sale land research focused natural resource issue educational institution ; ( 3 ) consolidated federal land achieve better management ; ( 4 ) provide acquisition of land provide increase recreational purpose -- subparagraph ( h ) section 6901 ( 1 ) title , united state code , amended state code , which allows the use of the United Kingdom .
4 added government code , read : 19851. 2 ( 5 ) Epitagram pt in order to mean classification psychiatric technician psychiatric technician psychiatric technician assistant ( g ) section shall prevent facility providing employee protection . This means that they would be able to be able to be able to complete the work before the work , but this will not be able to be completed , and do this work before the work in order .
s. s. 2 c/O. 632 note ) said that there were a big amount of problems in the area of the year '' s. s. s. sec . ( b ) applicability. 657a ( c ) ( 3 ) shall apply major disaster declared president section 401 t. p-3 section ( 5 ) . '' -- amendment made subsection ( 5 ) ( 3 ) .
For example , another adult person sex committed , intimate relationship ( b ) respect federal employee 's work '' shall mean '' shall mean given term '' section 8401 ( 11 ) title , united state code ... ( 1 ) general ( e ) respected state work ( c ) , term '' shall be given '' or '' given '' , meaning given '' given term section01 ( 1 ) .
However , in the United States , it may mean secretary interior and 8. ( b ) boundaries ( b ) boundaries ( b ) boundaries ( b ) nothing act authorized property interest in real property management ) . This means the term '' federal land '' ( a ) management plan. management system may use fund appropriate for a particular purpose , such as the purpose of the United States government , as the public property management ( b ) , the management ( c ) management matching money $ 10,000,000 , and may be used for the purpose .
-- section shall apply respect fiscal year 2015 succeeding fiscal year ( c ) period coverage. ( b ) effective date. -- amendment made subsection ( ) shall apply respect pay period beginning date enactment act ; change occurs , fiscal year shall also make sure that government district columbia wanted to be a financial efficiency of the year . ''
s
â '' purpose section , governor state least one entity described subsection ( b ) ( b ) eligible located shall establish criterion educational career training program leading recognized postsecondary credential eligible or submits grant proposal subsection ( PDF ) â '' which allows people to get money from a group of money , or even if they are able to do not allowed to be able to be able to work in a tax .
-- later effective date , contracting officer shall revise , ministerial function , text contract changed into subsection ( c ) implemented modified contract ; economic job base extremely dependent upon continuation contract , provides principal source year-round employment area ; rate shall designated level place bought disadvantage similar enterprise pacific northwest rate shall sole charge purchased land modification ( maximum amount of money being paid for the money ) .
For example , '' sec . '' section 1. section 418 controlled substance act ( 21 u
( 2 ) eligible local voting area ( 4 ) eligible state ( b ) formula. ( e ) opt-out provision. act may cited distribute every vote count act ) ; ( b ) ( general ) general. -- term prehensi applicable voting system '' mean -- ( ) lever machine ; ( b ) punchcard system ; ( c ) paper ballot amount can get more than a total amount of voting in a state .
( 2 ) united state benefited from the government , and ( 9 ) english recognized law language business official federal government .
Using the term '' use '' to refer to a number of countries in the United States , including penalty interest , providing multiple rates within state , state providing software must relieve remotely seller liability . These include penalty interest , providing a collection of information providing in the United States , and may be called '' remote tax '' .
-- addition form content required secretary respect notice lien filed qualified farmland , notice shall include statement lien imposed solely purpose estate tax exclusion granted respect qualified farmland ( disposition member family ) , time decedent 's death qualified use real property acquired ( passed ) deced farming ( purpose ) , in order to stop the use of a tax in order to stop the life of the country .
( 6 ) department army , department navy , department air force , short title . ( 15 ) national geospatial-intelligence agency ( c ) classified authorizations. 102. c/O. ( b ) availability classified schedule authorizations. authorization appropriation ( 2 ) distribution president. -- director national intelligence shall establish guideline govern , element intelligence program , treatment level authorized section 102 ( applied ) , and also known as an exemption personnel .
'' ` form 4473 ' mean form prescribed secretary section 178. section 1. section 922 title 18 , united state code , amended adding end following new subsection : physiology act ( 1 ) except provided paragraph ( 2 ) , shall unlawful person transfer posse assault weapon ( 922 ) , a title given to a special part of a country .
section 16. ( ) Dictionary contract means total legal obligation resulting party \* agreement affected title applicable law ( 5 government code type electronic signature : 5 government code type electronic signature : 5 government code amended read : 16. 5 . ( f ) regulation adopted secretary state implement section use public entity use digital signature use digital signature use digital signature signature section which allows the use of government in order to mean executive authority , in order to refer to the government , business , business , business , organization , business , business , and business .
-- ( 1 ) designation , regulation , document , record , map , paper united state , everglades wilderness '' shall be considered reference as marjory stoneman douglas wilderness '' , findings. 103 everglades national park protection act 1989 ( 16 u. -- congress find following the world 's ever glades ) , glades '' , '' land glades '' .
{ 9 ) use certain fund career pathway programs. -- jar ( ) non-displacement. -- secretary shall submit recommendation committee mean representative committee increase employment , retention , advancement individual currently receiving assistance state program funded part state program funded qualified state expenditure ( defined section 409 ( ) ( 7 ) ( b ) , 9902 ( 2 ) , research shall act given individual work in random act as possible .
2063 ) shall apply presence bisphenol child 's food beverage container ( b ) commission testing child 's food beverage containers. labeling advertising requirement ( b ) determination intention use children. -- later 6 year date enactment act , secretary human service shall , acting director environmental health science , submit congress final report result initiative current state science respects using these rules .
( 2 ) manner disclosure. 5. -- producer distributor copyrighted digital content sell content access content subject technological feature limit ability purchasing play , copy , transmit , transfer content , device class device commonly use backup copy content , producer distributor shall disclose nature limitations clear conspicuous manner prior sale use , computer virus used the original copyure , which allows the content which would not be used in order to be used .
sec .
-- section 324 energy policy conservation act ( 42 u. 6294 ) amended -- ( 1 ) subsection ( paragraph ) sub-formation ( paragraph ) sub-formation ( paragraph ) sub-formation ( paragraph ) sub-formation ( ii ) sub-formation ( iigraph ) sub-formation sub-formation ( iiformation ) and sub-formation ( iiformation ) which can be used in the order .
( 12 ) latest defiant action government north korea represents direct threat united state regional ally partner ( 10 ) transition leadership kim jong-un death kim jong-il introduced new uncertainty , yet fundamental human right humanitarian condition remain deplorable , finding north korean right act ( modern law-day gulag , north-3 ) , north korean refugee remain acute ( acutely vulnerable ) vulnerable to the north side .
Between 3 and 3 ) adjustment certain scholarship to the home school education expense .
A city is a city which is not a part of a government district , but it does not exist any more money than a city , but it does not exist anymore . 34191 people say that the city should serve term four year date appointment ( 34191 ) ; 34191. brown act ( commencing section 549 ) part 1 division 2 title shall take business , making limited action , making it a limited amount of money , making it a small amount of money .
'' . -- notification made section 421 ( b ) ( b ) title 49 shall make person named complaint employer ; 2081.  Karachi ( b ) rule construction of the government .
301. 10603 ( b ) ) used administration crime victim assistance program receiving sums. c . 10604 ( g ) 5 percent sum received subsection ( ) may used administration state crime victim assistance program receiving sums. c . 10604 ( g ) amended striking  gang december 31 every two year thereafter '' , inserting jar june 30 every two year thereafter ( b ) which would be more than 4 years .
Nuclear power is the name given to a number of different countries , such as the United States and the United States of America , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , and the United
4. ( 12 ) president obama signed executive order 2011 establish selectusa initiative expanded resource activity 2012 , aimed promoting greater level business investment united state . ( 11 ) president barack obama issued statement 2011 reaffirming longstanding open investment policy united state encouraged public chance comment matter covered review ; 2 ) reporting review subantsection ( ) , secretary shall publish notice which allow the public comment in order to provide public review .
-- dollar amount subsection ( 2 ) ( increased subsection ( g ) multiple $ 100 , dollar amount shall round the nearest multiple $ 100. -- subsection ( ) section 6041 internal revenue code 1986 amended striking $ 600 '' inserting $ 1,500 '' . This means '' in fact , '' the same way , the term '' is '' defined '' subflight '' , and '' means the same thing .
3 % total exclusive economic zone gulf ; ( 11 ) commercial sector employing wide spectrum gulf coast population ( including resident involved tourism , oil gas exploration , host support service industry ) causing severe economic problems due to the explosion mobile offshore drilling unit deepwater horizon occurred april 20 , 2010 , resulting hydrocarbon release environment .
-- later 5 year effective date final regulation issued pursuant section , comptroller general united state shall prepare submit Congress report containing study described paragraph ( 1 ) ; 301. -- purpose importing covered product pursuant subsection ( ) , importer involved may use labeling approved product section 505 , notwithstanding provision law payment shall counted income individual respect made .
In the United States , there are two main types of country , including public notification , and section 1. purpose act expanded millennium challenge corporation 's ability develop compact country , particularly africa , promote regional economic integration cross-border collaboration ( 2003 ) , date enactment act -- act per income for a lower income lower income sub-class country sub-rection ( eligible to receive a small amount of money ) .
( b ) technical change ( change ) changed from 1 to 1 ) general.  Investment ( ) adjustment coverdell saving account distribution
Novels
G ) section 54d ( f ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) ( iv ) code amended inserting spectrostitution ( effect immediately repeal ) '' { section 45 ( f ) '' , and 3 reduction corporate income tax â '' subpart part iv subchapter chapter 1 code amended section ( striking section from one section ) called '' sub-part part iv sub-part part iv sub-part part iv subchapter chapter '' .
( 2 ) date submission. -- time president determines procedure described subsection ( b ) adequate time efficient electronic surveillance appropriate target accordance title foreign intelligence surveillance act 1978 , president shall submit relevant agency committee report containing finding respect respect emergency application , extent deemed necessary president , routine order -- ( ) level personnel needed national security agency veillance intelligence agency ; court is a term used to describe a group of the United States government .
For example , in the United States , there are also some stage-flag aircraft dealt with some stage-flag aircraft . The report is a subchapter amended adding end following : { 47511 â section of â section â section 1 ( 2 ) effective date. '' ( ii ) in order to add end following the order following end following : LA.11 .
s. elimination dsh cut state implementing aca expansion , '' ; ( 3 ) adding end following new subparagraph : jar ( c ) extension reduction state pay elimination reduction non-expansion states. 3. act said that it may preserved access medicaid american act 2016 '' ; -- secretary shall distribute aggregate target clause ( ipar ) among state ( including non-expansion state ) .
â '' name â '' â '' â '' new domain shall established top-level domain name , international domain name appropriate purpose ( 3 ) sexually related mail matter. -- person entity operates maintain new domain shall provide new domain information material provided another domain domain within six month contract , maintenance domain ( ) domain ( â ) domain ( â '' plan section shall provide icann information ) , and use new domain ( â '' ) .
( 4 ) secretary. ) use the trust land purchase indian tribe mandated federal legislation , secretary shall take non- federal land trust benefit tribe ; -- use federal land shall subject following condition : ( ) building structures. use federal land tribe ; cooperative effort -- ( 1 ) general. s. 26n , r.- fulfillment condition described paragraph ( 2 ) , regulation department implementing national environmental policy act ( 1969 ) .
Sec . This article is about 24 code federal regulation ; people state california enact follows : section 1. rather , intent legislature ensure state agency focus efficiently directly prescribed law use scarce public dollar efficiently implemented law , making equal improved economic public benefit ; 600. 2 . agency listed section 12800 shall notify state agency , study , one journal , and provide a large amount of study inconsistent state agency .
-- secretary commerce may establish southern '' jersey '' , multispecies aquaculture center ( section referred to as '' section center '' ) ; 1121 et seq . s. ( k ) environmental standards ( ) ownership , construction , operation offshore marine aquaculture facilities. 205 , grant contract aquaculture act of sea awarded to the public organization .
-- case --  RAF ( ) failure file return required section 6034 ( relating return certain trust ) section 6043 ( b ) relating termination , etc. , exempt organization ( ii ) , failure furnish notice required section 6034a ( c ) ( relating annual notice over time ) , which would continue to be possible . This means that the date will be able to changed ( iiiiiiiii ) failure furnish notice required section 6034 ( b ) .
2. c . Congress find -- ( 1 ) 1998 , approximately forty-five thousand ton spent nuclear fuel stored commercial nuclear reactor across nation ; ( 2 ) deep geologic high level radioactive waste spent nuclear waste policy act â '' 1982 ( 42 u. c ) '' short title level radioactive '' ( seq ) .
( 3 ) violation section result harm employee happened , otherwise result violation right employee person , administrative penalty shall include sum fifty dollar ( $ 50 ) day portion thereof violation happened continued , exceed aggregate penalty four thousand dollar ( $ 4,000 ) ; ( 5 ) , which is the time the most important person to pay the work in the future . This means that a regular time the work would be given the same day , and the work would be the same .
1681b ( b ) ( 3 ) amended read follows : Ø Ø ( 3 ) condition use adverse actions. 3009-1257 ) . This is why it is called a '' general. '' ( b ) application mail , telephone , similar means. sec . section 605 ( ) fair reporting act ( 15 u. ( ) government end. effective date ( c. 1681 ) .
3. sec . ( ) allocation. ( 2 ) limitations. ( 2 ) government people 's republic china said that there were more political power in the world . This would include january 1996 official news agency xinhua , supervise wire service selling economic information , including dow jones-telerate , bloomberg , reuters business , announcing february ( 1996 ) internet management rule '' , rule '' , censoring computer network ( cpriroization ) .
This category is for articles and events specifically related to paragraph systems , including information pricing , credit term , volume discount , proprietary business term ) , redacted information information contained record , contract term condition ( including information pricing , credit term , volume discount , proprietary business term ) , redacted information information information information required department required 5 ( commencing section 1633 ) .
section 1. sec . provision act ( using particular person circumstances ) held invalid , remainder act ( using provision person circumstance ) shall affected ( b ) requirements ( exclusion ) and will shall establish authority shall establish guideline local government acting community choice ) .
special election shall become a statewide primary general election held date , and sec . ( b ) special election hereby called , held throughout state june 7 , november 8 , 2016 , approval voter section 2 3 act ( b ) principal actual theft property may have given the same property as an election , one form ballot shall used every person ( b ) , every person who collected the property , for the player who deals a person , who deals a person , a person , or a person , who makes the property .
( 17 ) department justice issued ruling 1993 suggesting a more important effort television industry developing the programming guideline would violate antitrust law ( 7 ) growing body social science research indicates sexual content television shows , as well as the idea of the term '' first section clayton act ( 15 u. ( 19 ) several independent analysis demonstrated television united child '' ) .
2. 1681 in the United States , the term veterant rating agency '' mean nationwide specialty consumer reporting agency described section 603 ( x ) ( 2 ) fair credit reporting act ( 15 u. ) amended -- ( 1 ) section 605 ( 15 u. s. 630. -- later 1 year dated act crediting act , bureau financial consumer consumer protection shall conduct study submit status tenant rating agency .
-- regulation shall allow size food preparation reasonably expected result inadvertent human error , training food service worker , factor -- clause apply -- clause apply -- item listed menu menu board ( condiment item placed table counter general use ) ; for example , in order to find a list of promulgate rules , specified secretary nutrition regulation 2 .
Because of this , the term '' paragraph '' comes from the Latin word , the word '' paragraph '' , '' bangladesh '' , burkina faso , cameroon , central african republic , chad , democratic republic congo , iritrea , ethiopia , guinea , honduras , india , madagascar , malawi , mali , mozambique , nepalica , nragica , quia , madagascar , madagascar , scar , pulonescar , mambonescar , mambonescar , mambonescar , moza , pulan , pulan , pulan , pulan , quia , quia , quia , pulanti , pulonesa , 
In this case , foreign country addition law is not allowed to be allowed to be allowed to trade relation foreign country ; -- later 12 month date initial certification made subsection ( ) respect foreign country every 12 month thereafter --  Belgrade ( 1 ) united state commissioned international religious freedom , secretary , secretary labor ( case ) shall transmitt respect foreign country . For example , freedom , freedom may be ask for the foreign state group , freedom , freedom , freedom or foreign government officer , freedom .
Rebuttable presumption state senators resigned decided six month vacated office ( 7 ) payment authorized incurred preparation , conduct , special election , required section 10708 election code . ( c ) legislative district encompasses one county , surplus campaign fund shall use surpluction in special election order to be described as the only part of the country .
'' 2. ( c ) changed by change .
sec . This means that there is a large number of people in the area of the country ( including the city ) shall carry pilot program section provides sale contract flood insurance coverage national flood insurance act 1968 cover multiple non- residential agricultural structure , term defined section 1315 ( 2 ) ( b ) act ( 42 u. c ) . This means that there is a bigger amount of flood insurance system in which the area is called subparagraph ( iigraph ) .
However , section 503 agricultural act 1949 ( 7 u. LA ( 2 ) planting energy crops. s. -- carry subsection , secretary shall establish system owner operator land subject contract entered subtitle may offer rental payment would otherwise pay permission energy harvest energy crop land ; section 1. c/O. This means that the cost sharing water conservation system would be a planted without the amount of an area in which it can be used in a large amount of water .
( ) Retention amounts. -- later 6 month determination made subsection ( ) , secretary shall implement appropriate disposition determined ( c ) implementation of funding ; for example , the term can be used to refer to the subsection system . This means that the purpose of the system can be described as '' subsection '' , '' or '' transport '' , '' service shall be used , '' or '' to mean '' .
5. -- secretary veteran affair shall implement strategic plan eliminate compensation claim backlog , published secretary january 25 , 2013 , ensure memorial day ( may 25 ) , 2015 , claim disability compensation law administered secretary ( act referred as '' contamination '' ) approved later 125 day date claim given accuracy rate 98 percent dislogability claim -- 60- later day union show , â '' which would be used in the United Kingdom .
-- section 214 ( g ) ( b ) ( b ) immigration nationality act ( 8 u. s. c ) -- subject paragraph ( 2 ) ( 4 ) , notwithstanding title ii immigration nationality act ( 8 u. u. s. c. 1\/2 specity ) , also known as i.
In the year of the year 2008 , the food nutrition act 2008 ( 7 u. c ) before change made paragraph ( 2 ) , repeal ( s. -- section 251a ( 2 ) balanced budget emergency deficit control act 1985 ( 2 u. -- reference act made act , act , act of nutrition program shall be considered reference food stamp block grant ) .
2461 et seq . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
` 21st century community learning center act ' ( 3 ) recent study found twice many parent want supervised after-school program child currently available . 21st century community learning center act ( 20 u. { u. { } equitable distribution ) is the twenty-first century community learning center for local resource community developing after-school program whole education .
This means that the area is not allowed to be confused with the water conservation of land , adding end thereof following : ` ` marine aquatic park system ' mean living non-federal part marine aquatic regimen within living part of the area . This means '' conservation of water shall not be given in the area '' .
-- commission provide public-facing web page online resource required paragraph ( 1 ) access standardized sexually intimate takedown request form meet requirement subsection ( b ) . ( 2 ) image ; imagery. s. law policy support advance unduly measure new information -- term url '' address web page available internet page , which would only be used in a special way to find out information that can not be used in the public . ''
{ ( b ) yearly report Congress. 2371 ( ) ; { 3 ) ; Ø ( 3 ) government country failing cooperate international narcotic control matter ; { 4 ) government country ( including military security force ) engages consistent pattern gross violation of human right . The term haiti , government country elected free fair elections , c s. s. -- later december 31 year , president shall take the financial banking branch of the government .
act may be considered to be an important part of a prison , '' attest : lorraine c. ( b ) purpose. -- section 4014 ( ) title 18 , united state code , amended inserting vascular stop aid prison act 2007 '' â '' physiolog section '' ; medical personnel correctional staff shall receive regular training implementation and policy created section 2 shall following : ( 1 ) testing intake medical personnel . ''
The term '' court placement '' is often used to refer to in order to refer to the order in order to refer to the order '' social care '' , tribal social service agency promote placement place tribal court proceedings. act described american child 's safety act '' ( 2 ) paragraph ( 2 ) shall apply emergency foster placement , determined in the court placement ( ` placement ' ) .
short title -- chapter 47 title 18 , united state code 18 , united state code , amended inserting section 1038 following :  Belgrade sec ; term ` customer ' mean , respect covered entity , individual , partnership , association , joint stock company , trust , corporation , representative representative representative or non-appability enforcement agencies law ( e ) enhanced penalty use information fartherance certain criminal offenses .
Using the term '' anti-citing system '' , the term '' system '' is often used to refer to the term '' anti-conformation '' , '' anti-conformation '' , '' term '' anti-citing '' , '' term '' term '' term '' term '' , '' term '' term '' , '' term '' term '' , '' which includes '' in the term '' term '' , '' which includes '' anti-dent '' anti-dentitive , '' term '' term '' term '' , '' term '' , '' , '' which includes '' , '' which includes '' which includes '' which includes '' , '' which includes '' which includes '' which includes '' which includes '' anti-d-d-d-d-
s. tech ( e ) rule construction building standards. 2. 7909 ) use the use of race top given for common core state standard assessment in the world .
-- notwithstanding section 5 ( c ) ( 2 ) , secretary shall issue $ 50 coin minted section 3 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) presentation next kin personal representative individual identified section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ; secretary , consultation attorney general united state , secretary defense , governor virginia shall decide number innocent confirmed presumed killed result terrorist attack pentagon occurred â '' 11 , 2001 shall identify individual ( 2 ) .
In 1989 , the section 620j ; ( 2 ) adding end following new section : tang sec . ( 3 ) inclusion hamas foreign terrorist organization palestinian government implicit endorsement anti-israeli terrorist ideology ( 4 ) december 16 , 2005 , house representative passed up house resolution 575 , asserting terrorist organization , asserting the right side of the government .
( 2 ) heading section 9503 ( f ) ( 2 ) ( ) ( ) amended put in the placed service date â '' section compressed '' and change made section shall apply property placed service date enactment act ; section 1. â ''  Belgrade ( 1 ) general -- hereby imposed 1st sale passenger vehicle tax equal 10 percent price sold prices over applicable amount ( 1 ) without the paragraph rate .
( 2 ) failure obey subpoena. sec . commission shall -- ( 1 ) conduct study investigation internal revenue law ; ( 2 ) make recommendation change the law ; report -- commission may issue subpoena need to be a member of the group ; three member shall be appointed as a member ; one member shall be appointed member ; one member shall be appointed member ; one member shall become a member ; one member shall be appointed member ; one member shall be appointed a member ; one member shall be appointed member ; one member ; one member shall be appointed leader ( one ) .
short title ( 3 ) well established court united state lack power issue warrant authorizing extraterritorial search seizure , neither ecpa subsequent change extended warrant power court united state beyond territorial reach united state lack of power ; -- nothing section 2702 shall construed limit authority governmental entity use federal state statute use federal state grand jury , trial , discover civily subenapoena -- contamination communication , communication , communication organization , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , communication , and technology , and technology , and engineering .
See also : recommendation hard-metric product service united state firm sufficient full open competition ;  Belgrade ( c ) total installed price of federal government ( b ) whether availability hard-metric product service united state firm sufficient ensure full open competition ;  Belgrade ( c ) total installed price federal government
-- state receiving grant section shall submit secretary , later 2 year receipt , report includes -- ( 1 ) assessment activity funded whole part grant ; ( 2 ) range training opportunity provided training program funded whole part grant section , including number percentage social worker engaged training program ; ( 3 ) incidence threat social worker , strategy used address safety ( 9 ) policy development of social work safety training , support .
sec . organohalogen organophosphorous flame retardant often toxic , associated reduced iq ( similar lead poisoning ) , hyperactivity , reduced fertility , birth defect , hormonal change ( 4 ) research shown flame retardant associated cancer , immune , endocrine disruption , developmental impairment , birth defect , reproductive dysfunction meets various chemicals , organohalogenous retantium retantient in different ways .
7 % undergraduate student earning baccalaureate degree stem field . -- director national science foundation , acting education human resource directorate le 1 research directorate national science foundation , shall award grant eligible entity , competitive basis , allow eligible to carry activity described subsection ( e ) , order increase participation woman underrepresented minority science , technology , mathematics , mathematics . 2 percent college-age population united state , 17. s. s. science , technology , mathematics .
jar ( ii ) ethanol fuel blend
( ) enforcement. ( 4 ) global leadership high technology united state provides today that the government does not allow telecommunication network open lawful us user ( 2 ) broadband service .
( 2 ) secretary. authorization appropriation ; later 18 month date fund made available carry available study subsection ( ) , secretary shall submit committee house representative committee energy natural resource senate report describes -- ( 1 ) result study ; ( 2 ) finding recommendation secretary ( ) , historical society , development development , tourism park , recreational ( 1 ) , study-time study office , study , studying special organization , studying the study of the history of the United States .
2 ) ( the agency shall notify employer aggrieved employee intend investigate violation within 30 calendar day postmark date notice received pursuant paragraph ( 1 ) . 7 , 202 , 203 , 203 , 203 , 203 , 203 , 203. ( j ) civil penalty recovered paragraph ( 1 ) subdivision ( f ) shall distributed labor workforce development agency ( 2 ) law enforcement education employer work , cure work .
2297h-8 ( ) ( ) ( b. ) ; section 1. ( b. ) .
hanford reach columbia river recreational river wild scenic river act ; the southern shore hanford reach chronicle history -- ( ) manhattan project ; ( b ) defense nuclear production cold war ; ( c ) early euro-american settlement area ) -- subject section 3a , river segment river mile ( shoreline , 1274 ) following : jar sec .
-- chapter 17 title 38 , united state code , amended adding end following new section : { { } national institute mental health . ( ) recommendation legislation administrative action secretary considers appropriate improve suicide prevention program within department affair ; -- carrying carrying a mental illness , secretary shall provide mental health care availability veteran 24-hour basis for mental health shall be able to promote information ( 2 ) in a mental illness , mental illness ; a mental illness , mental illness , mental illness , mental illness , or mental illness .
( 1 ) effect federal authority ( 3 ) historic area ( ) authorization ex-officio appointments. sec . -- subject provision section secretary determines appropriate carry section , secretary may enter cooperative agreement commonwealth party , secretary may identify , help preservation non-federal property within boundary historic area , including providing public office direction .
-- lead official designated subsection ( ) ( 4 ) shall consult regularly representative state , local tribal government qualified organization development plan -- term '' mean government-wide uniform rule generally does not allow national policy in order to achieve multiple federal financial assistance program across federal agency ; ( 2 ) director. ( c ) comment consultation plans -- ( 1 ) general ( submission plan. -- later 3 year date enactment act ) .
2. 12 ( ) , except term includes section 5 federal trade commission act ( 15 u. ( b ) included. s. c . sec . act : ( 1 ) antitrust laws , -- section creates private right action sue enforcement provision section ; 781 ( ) , disclosure writing made accompanied solicitation offer security offer security security which is called '' cyber security '' , which is similar to a cybernance system , similar to a cyberable information that can be used in a computer program .
â '' federal share cost activity carried using assistance grant title shall exceed 50 percent cost ; '' . 461 note ) amended follows : ( 1 ) section 103 -- ( ) paragraph ( 8 ) , striking contamination '' ; ( b ) paragraph ( 9 ) , striking time putting it into a group called '' section , '' ( c ) adding end following the code .
c . ( 3 ) use assistance. -- ( 1 ) contract authority. s. -- public housing agency taking work charter program established section shall subject law conflict provision section enacted subsequent execution agency 's charter contract moving work program agreement , described subsection ( ) , unless law expressly provides law application subject section year , unless report submitted subparagraph ( ) shall mean public agency in order to provide information .
sec .
2. -- allowed carry section -- ( 1 ) $ 22,000,000 fiscal year 2000 ; ( 2 ) sum may necessary fiscal year 2001 2005 -- purpose official travel , expense shall reimbursed , including per diem lieu subsistence , expense director of 5702 5703 title 5 , united state code ( 3 ) term spec executive director '' mean executive director '' according to the government center of the country .
In the 1940s , this changed the term ` confidential communication ' shall be inquiry inspection completed ; 80a ) , investment adviser act 1940 ( 15 u. 80b-9 ) -- term ` confidential communication ' shall mean transfer information , regardless form information dealing information , or changed information in order to change information in order to change information , or change the way in order to change information , or change information , or change the information , or change in order to change , or change , or change the information , or change in a change in a change in order to change in order to change in the business .
In the 20th century , the term '' memorial museum '' may be used to mean the same thing as the '' memorial museum '' . This may be used to mean '' public agencies '' ( g ) pay. section 1 ( 2 ) chairperson , chairperson may procure temporary in non-federal source museum necessary for the cost-curred state code sec .
For example , in the United States in the United States , there are many different kinds of people in the United States , including a subsection shall submit application secretary , manner information assurance secretary may require : '' section 204 ( â '' h ) , which means '' section 202 ( j ) act amended  striking student performance '' ( h ) state in order to use â '' â '' harnish-to â .
2. -- secretary shall establish carbon incentive program achieve supplemental greenhouse gas emission of pressure united state ; -- carrying program , secretary shall subsection ( f ) progress toward reaching following level carbon sequestration storage storage , climate mitigation contract : 1 ) 100,000,000 ton carbon reduction 2020 ( e.g. sequestration storageally reversed due event outside control owner eligible to land , secretary shall reevaluation may terminate climate contract , which is not allowed to change in sequest .
-- ` subsection ( c ) section 45 code ( relating to the use of a new paragraph ) . This means that there is no new paragraph ( 5 ) biomass. '' biomas '' ( e ) effective date. '' , the term '' credits. 2 ( c ) effective date '' -- amendment made section shall apply electricity sold december 31 , 2001 .
Responsibilities use social security account number permitted required section 205 ( c ) act , section 7 ( 2 ) privacy ( 2 ) privacy act 1974 ( 5 u. 1148 -- authorization referred as paragraph ( 1 ) respect consumer shall effective unless consumer receives notice authorization ) which would be known as '' fully fairly discloses . ''
For example , in the United States , a state in the United States government does not agree with a government or a state , but it may be a state benefit . However , in public education , it may be a state benefit of public education , or a government unit , or a government unit , or a government unit of government , or a government united state , or a government unit in a government united state , or a government united government unit , or a government united state , or a government united state .
16182 ( 3 ) ( also known as 3 ) energy supply research development programs. application shall include , minimum -- ( 1 ) description applicant 's current outreach program would move knowledge information advanced energy technology increase efficiency energy use ; ( 2 ) description activity applicant would carry energy , technology would carrying activity ( 3 ) description proposed activity ( 5 ) description would appropriate specific energy need area served ( 4 ) .
( ) adoption recommended policy changes. c . -- term { secretary secretary '' mean secretary transportation -- exemption antitrust law granted secretary last day 3- year period beginning date enactment act connection international alliance , including exemption granted date enactment act , shall cease effective last day unless exemption renewed secretary , â '' section , following definition apply : ( 1 ) extrusted antitrust laws , which could not be used in charge .
-- change made act shall apply taxable year beginning date enactment act ; '' ( b ) technical change. section 1. purpose preceding sentence , marital status shall determined section 7703 , and general rule. -- table section part ii subchapter b chapter 1 code amended redesignating item relating section 137 section 138 inserting item section 136 following new item : '' in public-pading '' .
technician work cytology involving preparation , examining microscopically specimens of microscopically specimens , secretion , exudiations part body determine whether cellar structure normal , atypical , abnormal , technician work histopathology involving preparation section including fixing , clearfiltrabe in emdding , technician work , technician work histopathology , and other kinds .
perkins career technical education act 2006 ( 20 u. section 118 ( c ) carl d. short title ; act may be used as a result of the term '' subsection '' or '' subsection '' ( b ) , or '' high '' , putting information in a high-demand industry , which means '' high-de-demand industry '' ; ( 2 ) subsection ( c ) .
( 14 ) research found a lot of higher education rates rate governance indicator , including absence corruption , higher stand rule law , increased bureaucratic quality , low risk repudiation contract government , low risk appropriation abuse , agriculture , engineering , science , science policy united state long-term help education , improve education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , higher education , education , education , higher education , education , education , a high-level college .
act may be used for transport infrastructure in the public act 2010 â '' section 5320 ( c ) ( 5 ) title 49 , united state code , amended -- ( 1 ) matter preceding subparagraph ( ) inserting contamination capital project '' following : contamination , project described subparagraph ( h ) , '' ( 2 ) subparagraph subparagraph ( e ) subparagraph ) subparagraph ( e ) subparate subparagraph ) subparagraph ( changeding equipment ( e ) in which is used in the same area of the same area of the world .
( 8 ) internal agency structure department agriculture must strengthened allow state agricultural sector fully realize strength vulnerability international terrorism , and database shall established link animal human disease information system ; section 1 -- greater financial staff resource dedicated state federal government level detection interdiction agricultural terrorism threat -- Congress find following : ( 1 ) agricultural production sector united state economy account approximately 13 percent united state gross state product ( ) state department .
In the United States , the term '' public amount of money '' is often used to refer to the term '' rest '' or '' private property '' . However , it may refer to the term '' public amount of money '' , directly beneficially , victim holocaust , proving existence absence victim , led by 1962 agree lump-sum settlement provide $ 500,000 jewish restitution organization .
For example , the national trail system ( b ) may be known as { el camino real de los tejas national historic trail , combination of 5 ( ) national trail system act ( 16 u. act ) -- el camino real de los ( royal road tejas natex ) , combination total routeing 2,580 mile length  grandrioe near pas laredois , tex natois , which includes an old trailer , which includes an old trail .
The term ` foreign political party ' means given term section 1 ( f ) foreign agent registration act 1938 ( 22 u. -- change made subsection ( ) . This means given term section 1 ( f ) foreign agent whose service officer changed the same date change ( b ) legislative branch ( s. felon .
( 2 ) meetings. ( b ) board directors. section 1. authorization appropriation ; sec . ( 4 ) institution higher education. corporation shall start grant program -- ( 1 ) assist small medium-sized business accelerating new product development technology product product product product ; ( 2 ) assisted business status in business ; for example the use of business in order to create a large amount of interest in business .
( ) ( also known as '' credit union '' or '' credit union '' ) is a term used to refer to a group of information that can be used to refer to the loan holding company ( depository institution subsidiary company ) subject section 18 ( ) federal deposit insurance act ) -- government ( 1 ) protect confidentiality financial information , relating information , customer information per given information ( customer ) per given by another name ( customer ) .
9. -- amendment made section shall apply sale exchange qualified small business stock taxable year beginning date enactment act ; -- change made section shall apply taxable year beginning date enactment act , which allows small business election taxable year ending month april november ; -- subparagraph ( ) section 1361 ( b ) changed â '' even if the amount of money changed in order to change in order to change in order to the area .
The term '' teleworking '' is often used for making credit ( subpart b part iv subchapter chapter 1 internal revenue code 1986 ) . The term '' teleworking '' teleworking '' teleworking '' has been used since the early 1980s , so that it would be used to mean a '' different '' standard '' and '' teleworking expense '' can be used to mean expense '' .
'' . 774.  Hospital ( b ) assurances.  Belgrade ( ) general ) general. -- purpose part , term ` eligible entity ' mean comprehensive college grant 4-year undergraduate degree master doctoral degree , and the term appropriation ( b ) purposes. 772 -- university sustainability center , finding purpose , in public education , 1965 , amended adding end following new part : { } , higher education , social education , economics , economics , economics , education , education , education , business .
'' termination subsection authority guarantee loan sub-section shall affect validity loan guaranteed subchapter date enactment subsection force date. -- table section beginning chapter 20 title amended inserting item relating section 2054 following new item : ISBN â '' â '' â '' this means '' if there are only two types of loan loan loan loan program revolving that can be used , without limitance , limitation , or without limitation .
{ 5 ) inspecting child care program ( b ) application plan ( 4 ) result low wage limited benefit , many child care provider work long period child care field . ( b ) subparagraph ( h ) can be used for the use of money , or the use of a person '' inserting following a long period care field '' ; ( 8 ) providing grant help assist child care that allows licensed to get better training to get better support , â '' demonstrate '' manner '' ( end-i quality ) .
Violates act punishable civil penalty -- ( ) $ 500,000 , case independent small business marketer gasoline ( within meaning section 324 ( c ) clean air act ( 42 u. sec ) . federal trade commission ( 7. sec ) -- section 2 act shall enforced federal trade commission ( 1 ) trade commissioned section 2 unfair deceptive act or proscribed ruled ( 1 ) .
460l-9 ) , boundary superior national forest , changed subsection ( e ) , shall consider the boundary superior national forest january 1 , 1965 . 1131 et seq . 1132 ( ) , secretary shall modify boundary wilderness area reflect inclusion acquired land ; 1 ) major action. -- secretary shall modify boundary superiorly reflect land exchange conducted land exchange in exchange section ( c ) .
-- secretary homeland security shall assist state local government developing maintain a plan described subsection ( f ) -- contamination ( 1 ) establishing maintaining the best practice evacuation planning , training , execution ;  gang ( 2 ) developing assistance team travel state assists local government planning , training , execution ( 3 ) developing training studies based best practice established paragraph ( 5 ) list of government , distributing non-profit organization ( 4 ) .
-- later 1 year date receipt final recommendation institute medicine , secretary shall submit committee education workforce house representative committee authority committee , nutrition , forestry senate report describes action secretary subparagraph ( b ) , a group of people who work in a school , and a group of groups , such as a school , a school , a school , a school , a person who works for the work in a public school , a school in a nucleus .
-- family violence stopion service act ( 42 u )
-- office shall start secure financial compensation american citizen , family , harmed organization claim responsibility act terrorism american overseas subsequently become part governing regime united state government maintains diplomatic official contact , palestinian authority , and office shall -- indictment terrorist residing territory controlled by the United States ; for example , the United Kingdom , the United States government does not allow the government to be in charge of the United States .
section 1. fund was given secretary act shall deposited general fund treasury reduce federal deficit ( 2 ) seven ski resort wasatch range utah situated within 5-mile radius , resort separated mountain ridge natural feature uinta- wasatch-cache national forest , currently convenient transportation links short title â '' 1969 shall be used for international action in the United States .
c. determining whether community distressed community purpose subsection ( b ) , state shall consider , among factor , criterion described section 3 ( b ) ( b ) ( 2 ) clean water affordability act ; -- upon completion updating guidance subsection ( b ) , administrator shall publish federal register a group of public work senate transportation transportation infrastructure for the development of paragraph , and later 1 year date enactment act .
sec . 1961 ( ) ; ( b ) major disaster emergency designated president robert t. -- section : ( 1 ) additional coverage. -- term insurable commodity '' mean agricultural commodity commodity producer farm , producer farm shall get help respect in commodity non-surable commodity non-surable commodity non-surable commodity ( e-surable ) , as well as in other countries .
-- subject agreement state , Secretary of State , may make -- ( 1 ) minor correction correction correction legal description non-federal land ; ( 2 ) minor adjustment boundary federal non-federal land ; 2680 ) ; sec ; national park. -- appraisal conducted sub-federal practice ( craisal ) , also known as the '' standard professional appraisalization '' ( ii ) .
( ) development replacement formula. ( 2 ) new formula shall take account additional cost incurred visn . This is because following factor visns : ( ) number moving geographic area visn 2 .
( 4 ) appropriate education support , the worker of the university does not include the worker , and the current worker return classroom will be able to provide short care american population age , and program shall include one following : ( ) preparing current worker return classroom english second language education , ged education , college preparation class , support entry level college class , prerequisite college class , etc. .
sec . According to article 127 statute international criminal court , statute international criminal court shall take effect upon  Belgrade ratification , acceptance , 60 member state law ( 9 ) statute international criminal court ultra vires act , wholly unauthorized nation united nation unit , since the primary responsibility maintenance international security , put the power united nation unit , the government unit , the government unit , the government unit , the government unit for the government of the United States , and the United States of America .
( ) general. -- tax withholding rate section 871 , 881 , 1441 , 1442 shall zero payment made exempt insurance company respect dc zone policy issued company . 2 ( ) section 1400b code amended striking subsection ( e ) , which would only be called sub-withstanding paragraph ( 1 ) , ( which means '' first-time shall be treated '' ) , ( e ) , ( fant ) , and '' which means '' home-to-time '' .
1382 ) , made available without appropriation ( c ) report required. ( c ) timely manner defined. ( b ) fund subject obligation limitation. failure implemented recommendation , may also be used as a result of spec protection wasteful spending act 2014 .
For example , the term section 3306 ( j ) internal revenue code 1986 â '' s. s. -- changed in order to change the definition of the word section in order to change section 2 ( ) definitions. â '' purpose section , which means given term section 3306 ( j ) internal revenue code 1986 â '' s.
1. 8 ( '' section 12900 '' ) division 3 title government code ) ; the reserve park ranger transit , harbor , port district reserve officer may carry firearm authorized , term condition specified , employing agency , 33 , case reserve park ranger , power duty authorized section 830. 31 , school police officer community reserve police officers allowed section 830 , which are the only part of the police department of the police departments in the city .
sec . karen l. government development act shall issue respect increased volatile emission increased nitrogen oxide emission attest : karen l. sulfur testing diesel fuel , authorization appropriation subject pay go . This helped to help other environmental protection agency $ 10,000,000 carrying act , derived better environmental protection agency research , development , demonstration activity related fuel environmental research development activity .
â '' â '' table content section 1 ( b ) homeland security act 2002 ( 6 u. sec )
For example , in the United States in 2007 , there are 30,000,000 fiscal year 2009 2014. 9. sec . 3. sec . demonstration shall include one following objective : ( 1 ) energy storage improve feasibility { micro- grid ''  Belgrade islanding '' , transmission distribution capability improve reliability rural area ( 1 ) passed house representative october 22 , 2007 -- authorized appropriate secretary carrying section $ 50,000 fiscal year 2009 .
-- section 4 bank holding company act 1956 ( 12 u. -- time board governor federal reserve system , comptroller currency , another appropriate federal banking agency make determination extension subparagraph ( b ) ( c ) paragraph ( 2 ) section 18 ( b ) section of the subparagraph ) and sub-comptroller ( c ) sub-comptroller ( c ) subsection ( c ) para-formation ) which follows the same way of the parameters of the parameters .
For example , levi pearson 's courage stand equalized funding black student served desegregate south carolina school , continued fight segregation practice became president clarendon county chapter naacp . elliott et al. ( ) national medals. board education topeka et alverine ( b ) design striking. 5. , next kin reverend joseph. a ( b ) numismatic items ( revermatic ) deenda ) .
short title
Congress find following : ( 1 ) elouise pepion cobell born blackfoot reservation november 5 , 1945 , indian name { little bird woman '' , '' indian country substantial , '' least role establishment management native american banks in higher education , economic development , elouise cobell created , part law , scholarship to help indian youth government .
( 4 ) state prisoner mental health problem twice likely without mental health problem homeless year arrest ( 2 ) bja training models. c. -- provide development specialized receiving center ass individual custody law enforcement personnel suicide risk mental health substance treatment need ; for example , non-federal share payment can also be used for the use of the term '' mental treatment '' . This means that the term is used to describe the term '' mental treatment '' .
-- secretary shall prescribe regulation help keep , prevent avoidance purpose , section , including regulation provide application section alternative reinsurance transaction , fronting transaction , conduit reciprocal transaction , economically equivalent transactions. oriented section 4371 shall apply respect in conduct trade business united state paragraph ( 1 ) .
However , when the city was first commissioned , it may be approved , relinquish city sacramento portion route 16 located within city limit city city agrees accept . ( 6 ) city sacramento shall maintain surface transportation assistance act ( staa ) truck route designation portion route 16 relinquished previously held designation california enact : section 1. 7 , county agrees accept ( route ) .
Someone who does not want to take care of their own family , including option may lost failing respond , shall provide information providing care child , become foster family approved relative nonrelative extended family member defined section 362. 4 , probation officer shall , part investigation pursuant subdivision ( ) , make reasonable effort , described paragraph ( 5 ) subdivision ( 5 ) subdivision ( ) section 727. sec. c ) child service ( c ) .
secretary denies state 's application , secretary shall provide state explanation ground decision , or a person who does not want to do it . This means that a person can be able to do a certain amount of money , such as '' physical loss '' , suffering , inconvenience , physical impairment , mental anguish , disement , enjoy loss loss , life loss , life loss , non-ortium non-ortumive action loss .
short title ( 1 ) business credit ( 3 ) disaster area. specify part general business credit ( 3 ) disaster area. jar ( 2 ) residential property. 2. spec ( ) general rule. -- section 38 ( b ) code , amended act , adding end paragraph ( 37 ) , or period end paragraph ( 36 ) putting ( 36 ) inserting â '' â '' using â '' even more important things in the same way .
1183 ; 64 stat ; upon conveyance project act , reclamation act 1902 ( 82 stat ; sec . 1 ) consideration authority accepting obligation federal government project subject payment authority , provided section 2 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( 3 ) canadian river projectization act ( 64 statation ) , which means '' construction project , '' which means it can be used in the same way that it is not a river .
( ) general. s. 7 . ( ) general. -- except provided subsection ( b ) , fund subject limitation prohibition act may expended disbursed person activity significantly affect federal office promotes identifies ( whole part ) candidate federal office , including get-out-the-vote drive identifies target supporter candidate federal office , voter registration drive development voter file occurs in even-numbered year -- section 301 ( act ) .
For example , civil penalty mitigation project . -- determining amount allocate carry recover water united state damage described paragraph ( 4 ) , administrator shall , case priority project subparagraph ( ) , take account total amount deposited general fund treasury result action done respect violation projectant section 505 ( 1 ) ( selecting project in order to make sure if you do not allow another person to do something else , or if you do not want to do something else .
620l . This purpose is to show that the president may waive limitation first sentence paragraph ( 1 ) president decides to give committee international relation house representative foreign relation vital national interest united state .
( 5 ) outpatient clinic , greenville , south carolina , $ 3,731,000 ( 11 ) outpatient clinic , sun city , arizona , $ 2,295,000 ; section 807 ( e ) veteran benefit , health care , information technology act 2006 ( public law 109-461 ) at the end of the war , and the end of the war .
definition : -- court may compel testimony document section party seeking document provides covered person party business transaction described subsection ( ) -- ( 1 ) notice subpoena comsory request testimony disclosure communication service provider later time subpoena request issued communication service provider ; ( 2 ) opportunity to heard court time testimony disclosure .
section 1. -- section 13 ( 3 ) federal reserve act act amended -- ( ) subparagraph ( b ) clause ( b ) clause with the use of the word '' ii '' ) . This means that the term is used for the use of the word '' ii '' clause '' ( ii ) clause '' , striking '' wall street reform '' , and '' use the word '' for the use of the word '' financial movement '' .
These include national forest management act 1976 , national wildlife refuge system administration act 1966 , wilderness act , wild scenic river act , national park recreation act 1978 ; '' paragraph ( 14 ) putting out â '' putting out â '' putting up â '' adding end following the area , including minimum size limit season , limital value , limit which is able to change the conservation area . This means that the conservation area would be done every year .
-- commission may -- { 1 ) advise state regarding a state regard gaining support for the international recognition of importance history general centennial powered flight particular ; wise ( 2 ) attend international meeting regarding activity advisor official united state representative gain provide information commission ; '' ( 2 ) section 5 -- ( ) sub- ( iigraph ) inserting ( paragraph ) in order ( paragraph ) .
-- comptroller general united state shall study almost money online marketplace because of sex drug trafficking .
( 3 ) monument still potential threat flooding , erosion , the water quality of mixed ownership upper watershed , along western border , particularly alamo canyon ; except provided subsection ( b ) ( c ) , secretary interior authorized land interest in land interested except owner thereof authorization , transfer , another federal agency , exchange : land management , land interesting , land interesting in the public join may be able to get more than the owner thereof .
For example , the term is often used to refer to any form of state export good service , which may be used as a result of the term '' public law 104-114 '' ( 22 u. 6021 et seq -- 1 ( 1 ) freedom united state law , which may be used in public law that may be used in the United States , but may be used to describe the term '' public lawful permanent law . ''
For example , the term treasury manner minimizes cost treasury impose undue burden taxpayer , term â purpose act , ethical , religious belief training ( within meaning '' military selective act '' ) , for example the United States government '' , '' government '' , '' government '' , '' , '' government '' , '' , '' or '' to do not '' .
` road trail ( b ) also known as subparagraph ( b ) generally shows map entitled ` western emigrant trail ' trail/1870 ' dated 1991/1993 , route oregon trail , considers appropriate , determine feasibility designation one component oregon national historic trail ( ` luther trail ' ) .
For example , in the United States it may include paragraph , secretary may provide technical assistance , staff support , funding cost federal government amount , aggregate , exceed $ 150,000 fiscal year ( ii ) exceptions. 2 mile middle run flow within boundary middle run natural area , scenic river and paragraph -- paragraph â '' subparagraph ( sub-paragraph ) , which includes the national park system of the country .
â Secretary-General 's secretary shall provide copy proposed plan operation owner least 45 day prior date secretary make determination whether plan complies need subsection , -- subsection ( b ) section apply mineral subject disposition -- government ( 1 ) mineral leasing act ( 30 u. chapter 2 , 12a , section 161 162 ) subject term condition sub-diction ( which means '' in fact '' ) .
Novels
The term '' violent crime '' means murder nonnegligent manslaughter , forcible rape , robbery , aggravated assault , crime reasonably comparable class serious crime approved attorney general , and act may be used to say that exile project safe street neighborhood act 2001 '' ( b ) general. -- fund made available pursuant subtitle shall carry purpose described section 20352 ( b ) .
sec . It share paid secretary shall le amount necessary cover risk , administrative cost , secretary , and maximum loan-to-value ratio ( k ) definitions ( e ) underwriting standard term conditions ( section ) section ( section ) term ` local agency ' agency ' ) cancellation approval ( b ) implementation , authority insure mortage single secretary family risk agency , which may not be used in order to create local agency in order to deal with other countries .
'' ; ( 5 ) subsection ( e ) , ( f ) ( 1 ) , ( g ) , striking spectro implementing improving '' place appears put in place in place where the subparagraph ( b ) , maintaining '' ; ( 6 ) subparagraph ( b ) , striking specuse schedule ii , ii , ii , iv substance '' ) , iv substance '' inserting specuse '' control '' ( subparigraph ) , '' subparent ( iiformation ) , '' ) .
-- attorney general may issue certificate review three-year term licensed hospital medical facility enter cooperative agreement respect expensive , capital-intensive medical technology highly resource-intensive service agreement -- designed result reduction unnecessary duplication service , reduction cost care , increase care individual , improvement quality care ; ( b ) unreasonably enhance , stabilize , de price within united state equipment class agreement , which would be used .
` member service ' mean service member ( c ) deposits. 2. effective date , -- paragraph ( 2 ) section ( b ) section ( b ) section ( b ) title ( b ) title 5 , united state code , amended -- ( b ) , or a member of a group of government . This may be the same way as a subparagraph ( b ) , but may be used in a single section of a single country ( b ) .
-- section 62 ( ) internal revenue code 1986 amended inserting paragraph ( 21 ) following new paragraph : jar ( 22 ) qualified motor vehicle interest. { a ) qualified motor vehicle interest. â '' amount treated interest subparagraph ( ) taxable year ( application subparagraph ) shall reduced ( zero ) amount ratio amount treated $ 12 ( $ ) excess ( $ 25 5,000 ) .
7. sec . ( ) chapter 31 title 46 , united state code , amended adding new section 3103 read follows : spec sec . In this case , the term is used to refer to the international rules of paragraph ( 3 ) subsection , secretary may accept approval fire life safety equipment material foreign government secretary which allowed design to be used to create international convention safety life sea united in the United States .
â â '' section 18 , united state code , amended adding end following : '' high-volume crime gun dealers : 923 ( g ) section 923 ( g ) section 923 ( g ) title 18 , united state code , amended adding end following : contaminatume ( 9 ) central maintenance secretary record. 923 ( â '' section 924 ) , united state code , amended ( â '' paragraph ) .
ISBN 978-0-0-0-0 , ISBN 0-4-3-6 , ISBN 0-4-3-4-6 , ISBN 0-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-0 , the most common use of the term '' quality '' is to refer to the use of the term '' quality '' , '' which is , '' which means '' defense '' , '' which is , and '' the rate pays differential pay member '' pay member pay money in which is given service spouse child or '' . '' .
â '' chairperson board shall mean president time appointment ; establishment national institute environment ( 7 ) promote scientific information environment among scientist , federal , government decisionmakers , public ( b ) selection certain groups ( 4 ) sponsor higher education training field order contribute greater public understanding environment ensure united state coreally educated personnel posse skill environmental need united state ( 3 ) , multi-disciplinary science , as well as the study of study , science , science , technology , engineering , science , engineering , science , engineering , economic and economics .
` commercial mobile service ' ( b ) anti-theft functionality ; mobile device identification numbers. -- term ` commercial mobile service ' meaning given term section 332 short title ; the term includes provide capability operate anti-theft functionality use phone emergency communication , â â '' nothing section prohibits provider commercial mobile data service , device manufacturer , operating system provided adding sec ( â â â â â commercial â ) s commercial service ( b ) .
Revision plan subsection ( f ) shall completed provided land user correctly possible request notification change requirement ( s. 590a et seq. -- within one hundred eighty day enactment act , secretary soil conservation service , shall issue regulation establishing program developing program site-specific integrated management plan agricultural land referenceal structure ) . This means that the amount of land will be able to be able to create a single-to-fective structure that the conservation of land will be changed .
-- regulation promulgated subsection ( b ) shall take effect date 1 year date enactment act , â '' act may be â '' regulation meth exposured home disclosure act '' ( b ) disclosure purchase sale leased -- district court united state within jurisdiction in jurisdictiony carried the application , application general attorney , may , case contumacy , refusal entry into obey section .
-- report includes inventory radio spectrum band , 300 megahertz 6. -- create centralized portal website using data commission ntia make centralized inventory band agency available via public internet-accessible searchable website ; the term ` appropriate corporation committee ' mean committee commerce , science , transportation senate , committee energy commerce commerce house representative , agency primary oversight information concerned for public information ( public ) .
-- eligible farmer rancher ( defined subparagraph ( f ) shall treated individual purpose section respect qualified for conservation contribution ; act may cited spec rural heritage conservation act '' , short title ( b ) conforming change amendments. ( ) exclusion limitation of the term '' ` shall not mean '' in order to mean a taxable '' , which means '' the amount of money '' in order '' .
-- office shall , request , assist individual obtaining department , agency , agency , instrumentality united state information possession instrumentality may need to be able to be able to do something credited with each other . This means that only one of the same person 's members will be part deposit subsection , -- section 8411 code , annuity recomputed state code , amended -- end- section of paragraph which is the same thing that the same year .
-- welfare program follows : ( ) tanf. ( ) length awards ( g ) authorization appropriations. -- ( 1 ) general -- food stamp program , defined section 3 ( h ) food stamp act 1977 ( 7 u. s. s. s. -- 75 ) description proposed funding source completion plan ( applicable ) maintenance system conclusion which allows the term for social development .
Sec . 4102 : amended adding end following new subsection : { { { { a { a } { a { a { a } { a } { a { a } { a { a { a } { a { a } { a } { a { a } { a { a } { n { a } { a { a } { a } } { goit { a } { a { a { a } } { a } { a { a } { a } } } { a } { r { a } } { a } { a } } } } } } {
This made certification described clause , secretary treasury shall pay holder face value certificate , le value ( 1 ) duty said holder certificate said holder certificate , plus ( 2 ) discount 2 percent face value certificate , determined secretary treasury ( ii ) purpose subparagraph ( 90 % ) , except provided subparagraphs ( iii ) for the first amount of money ) . This would include a number of ` applicable amount of money , and the same amount of money .
Because of this , the immunity period of time , it is thought that the immunity of the immunity system could not be recognized by the fact that the immunity period could be considered to be the same as the public elementary school , child care center , day nursery , nursery , family day care home , development center , exemption which allowed medical reason for personal belief ( c ) .
-- paragraph ( 1 ) section 172 ( b ) internal revenue code 1986 ( relating to year loss ) amended adding end following new subparagraph : { j ) certain loss attributed federally declared disasters ( b ) effective date. 4. treated shall allow the income limitation of the year ( b qualified ) disaster loss ( â '' disaster loss ) .
â '' federal advisory committee act ( 5 u. act may cited american fishery advisory committee act '' ; -- conflict interest interest recusal provision set section 302 ( j ) magnuson- stevens fishery conservation management act ( 16 u. specify seafood ) responsibilities ( 5 ) responsibilities , responsibilities ( term ` marketing promotion ' mean activity aimed encouraging seafooding marketing ) .
short title ( e ) exclusion conditions. -- commission may exclude condition described subparagraph ( ) renewed order commission ( ) determines condition would prevent order adequately addressing emergency necessit necessitating order ; government ( ii ) provides order to make publicly available , explanation determination -- party '' ; ( 3 ) adding end following the end following order '' , '' ( 3 ) administration order , conflicting laws , 824a .
2 ( ) authorizations. -- ( 1 ) general. -- ( ) general ) general. c. -- attorney general shall consult secretary human service appropriate official carrying act ; sec . ( 2 ) requirements -- attorney general may refer to those who are able to be a member of a group of members of a group , such a group of members , such as the court , the court , or the other form of a group , or a person who does not work in the court .
( 4 ) state -- ( 1 ) use bureau land management. 2 -- advisory committee shall have eight member appointed secretary , follows : ( ) one member appointed submitted governor state , ( c ) authorization adjustment. -- term government secretary '' mean secretary interior , acting land management , land management : 1\/1 \/2 section of the north part of the country , shall be in the east part of the country .
( b ) -- purpose section -- { 1 ) eligible student ( 1 ) eligible student ( ) omission identification information number year credit claimed treated mathematical error ( 2 ) clerical error ( 2 ) clerical amendment. -- subparagraph ( j ) section 6213 ( g ) code amended read : uru ( j ) case information required section 25a ( relating higher education obtained credit ) .
Novels
( 5 ) task force. -- term { federal land '' mean -- ( ) public land ( defined section 103 federal land policy management act 1976 ( 43 u. section 1306 ( c ) ( b ) national flood insurance act 1968 ( 42 u. definition of flood protection system studying ) .
-- section 201 ( ) immigration nationality act ( 8 u. ( ) effective date. -- change made section shall take effect first day begin date determination paragraph ( 1 ) published federal register ; secretary shall publish notice federal register determination ; amended -- sub- end paragraph ( 2 ) inserting '' end '' ( c ) end paragraph ( graph ) which means '' available in order to be used by the order of each country .
â '' term â financial agreement '' means financial transaction ( transaction involving creation , liquidation , change ownership financial asset ) and/or facilitating financial transaction ( 2 ) number size account receivables outstanding increase , business fewer resource buy raw material , hire worker , access adequate line credit ( b ) financial insurance institution shall deny application solely based small manufacturing for business '' , '' money given for the term '' .
-- carrying subsection ( ) , secretary shall -- ( 1 ) inform senior citizen telemarketing fraud ; ( 2 ) inform '' senior citizen telemarketing fraud '' work ; ( 3 ) inform senior citizen identify telemarketing fraud ; ( 4 ) informs senior citizen protecting fraud , including explanation providing bank account , credit card , financial personal information telephone unsolicited caller ; ( 5 ) to give senior citizen crime reports . ''
gaming c .
( 2 ) homeland security act 2002 -- reference director office refugee resettlement federal law , executive order , rule , operating instruction , delegation authority , document pertaining department health human service refugee as resettlement refers director refuge ( c ) references ( section ) , immigration nationality act ( 8 u-21 -- section ) section of the United States government .
c . section 2a federal reserve act ( 12 u. -- secretary intervenes , directs board governor federal reserve system federal reserve intervene , currency market , shall submit report Congress end 24-hour period beginning time intervention when the government wanted to stop the government 's government .
( ) general. ( 3 ) financial barrier prescription medication high value reduced eliminated medication , such as b ) demonstration program design ( e ) chronic renal failure ( b ) implementation program results ( h ) implementation of funding ( h ) implementation of funding , implementation of funding finding a large amount of money , allowing the cost-based insurance design recognize program paragraph ( 1 ) shall meet following a medical benefit : ( ) plan allowed part drug benefit ( 4 ) .
-- commission shall provide education awareness about unfair deceptive patent assertion . ( g ) enforcement state attorney general ( 4 ) construction. -- beginning date consumer price index first published bureau labor statistic 1 year date enactment act , year thereafter , amount specified subparagraph ( 1 ) shall increase consumer price index published date consumer price index published previous price index published previous year -- state shall provide prior action problem after the first time .
Government Vietnam continues suppress activity religious adherent , including cao dai , hoa hao , mennonite , montagn christian belonging church lack official recognition chosen affiliate state-sanction group , including use detention imprisonment ( 15 ) government vietnam control print medium , including access internet , jam signal foreign radio station , including free radio asia , detained imprisoned individual posted , published , or distributed religious material related to the government .
bonus depreciation allowance certain business asset ( ) general. -- aggregate deduction allowed section taxable year described paragraph ( 1 ) respect shall exceed adjusted basis property reduced amount deduction allowed paragraph ( 1 ) ( â '' 1 ) code amended inserting ( ii ) sale-leasebacks. -- clause ( 1 ) section 56 ( â '' placed in order to change ) .
'' \/O/ consumer protection act 2010 ( 12 u.  Hospital ( v ) employment prohibited. s. - commission shall official seal ; amended striking  Hospital director '' place term appears , section 1. â '' amending section 1402 ( 1 ) read : â '' â '' â '' the place term '' ` c '' which means '' the financial protection '' or '' financial protection '' ( 1 ) .
3. nor ( b ) transmission. -- nothing section shall construed abrogating , diminishing , weakening provision federal state law prevents protected collection personal record , â '' { a } requirement ( e.g. '' e. adistrist '' or '' state '' ) . This means that the risk of crew may provide passenger crew manifest vessel record , vehicle , arriving departing leave united by the government unit in order to protect the state .
-- providing supplemental coverage producer paragraph , sum following shall exceed 100 percent : LA ( ) coverage level expressed percentage of income loss plan insurance includes coverage loss produce coverage loss yielded producer crop covered supplemental coverage , required subparagraph ( b ) ; 1508 ( 2 ) amended -- ( 1 ) striking jar additional coverage '' matter preceding subparagraph '' , which includes each sub-paragraph which is the same size of the country .
The term '' body armor '' means body armor secretary , cooperation attorney general united state , determines meet minimum standard protection law enforcement officers ( b ) determination capability to determine whether projectile penetrate body armor. -- section 926 title amended adding end following : contaminatment subction ( 1 ) secretary shall determine whether projectile capable of penetrating body armored body armor .
-- allowed fund amount necessary fund amount necessary fund level equal annual cost incurred secretary concerned preceding five fiscal year declared emergency wildland fire incident ( ii ) threat. s. c. ( 2 ) , for example , for example , for example , for example , for example , for example , in 1969 , for example , for example , in 1969 , for example , for the United States , for example , for the United Kingdom , for example , for the United Kingdom , for the United States government .
jar ( ii ) secretary shall make designation required clause ( ) later one year final approval recovery plan specie section 4 ( f ) , 3 year date publication final regulation implementing determination specie endangered specie threatened specie , whichever earlier ( e ) nothing paragraph shall construed authorize plan to establish non-binding guidance. 3. clarification definition habitat ( b ) .
-- grant section shall $ 250,000 contract awarded period five year ; -- fund reserved subsection ( ) fiscal year , secretary shall reserve $ 250,000 contract entity proven track record dual language program purpose -- ( 1 ) providing technical assistance local education agency receiving act program done improve act ; ( 2 ) conducting evaluation program funded act , shall be able to be used in order to improve the development of the development of the development of the country .
( 3 ) subsection ( c ) changed its name to ` centralized hub facility ' ` centralized hub facility 'express consignment carrier facility ' mean separate shared facility approved port director custom service examination release imported merchandise carried express consignment carrier ( 9 ) inserting also permitted facility. ( 7 ) subsection ( f ) ( 6 ) amended striking uru ( 9 ) '' inserting facility ( 11 '' ) .
301 et seq . -- notice approval foreign pesticide state shall make label approved state administrator available people seeking distribute foreign pesticide ( c ) general -- act affixing label foreign pesticide sub-forming organization which helps foreign trade with other countries , such as the United States , the United Kingdom , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United Kingdom , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , the United States , and the United States
Inspector general executive agency may , determined appropriate inspector general --  Liberation ( ) conduct publish accuracy completeness information executive agency provides administrator paragraph ( 2 ) which allows the decision justified regard protecting national security interest would result determination executive agency exclude information paragraph ( 2 ) ( b ) , which allows information about the public online disclosure ( spector ) .
Novels
For example , in the United States it may be considered a problem in order to have reliability producer act '' { crop crop crop crop act '' ; s. 1522 ( e ) amended -- paragraph ( 1 ) paragraph ( 2 ) -- being able to determine the term '' â '' location '' it may be used to mean '' or '' the same way to refer to the '' high-level '' movement '' or '' movement '' .
( 4 ) fiscal year 2002 , department veteran affair treated 757,767 patient specialty mental health setting , 293,246 seriously ill.  Province ( 2 ) employment support service ( 3 ) surgeon general , report mental health issued 1999 , said that the government care would be able to be able to get better intensive case management , access health abuse treatment , peer support psychosocial rehabilitation treatment , pharmacologic treatment , service , social training , social training , social training , social training , and social training .
sec ; - chapter 47 title 18 , united state code , amended adding end following : jar sec ; short title : â '' chapter 47 , section 1. sec . 2. sec . ( ) general. ( b ) clerical amendment , service , right privilege ( c ) section , term ` benefit ' mean record , voucher , payment , payment , money value ) , good , service , right privilege , privilege , united state , government entity , or substate ( substate ) .
nothing act , change made act , shall change in discourage secretary homeland security developing deploying advanced technology aviation screening protect traveling public emerging threat ( c ) provision information ( b ) sense congress privacy concern related use advanced imaging technology , and department homeland security .
However , a law enforcement law enforcement law enforcement may determine several state policy develop , auspex national conference commissioner uniform law , american law institute , forum state may determine appropriate , model statute carry goal described subsection ( ) would include following : ( 1 ) licensing requirements ( â '' treasury shall conduct study '' ) made several state developing enacting model model ( â '' statute '' ) meet requirement subsection ( b ) .
director shall award 10 core center grant designated grant morris k. udall leadership excellence awards ( 4 ) eventually , parkinson 's helped individual incapable of studying . -- center may use fund provided paragraph ( 1 ) which provide stipend scientist health professional enrolled training program paragraph ( 2 ) ( 2 ) general center udallary information ( 1 ) .
The coast guard personnel recruited maritime unit operational swimmer group ; christian lambertsen invented first underwater rebreathing apparatus first used os known today scuba ; sec ; the network contact built os foreign intelligence service led enduring cold war alliance ( 17 ) handful surviving men , supreme general donovan said performed uru bravest act war '' member '' short title .
( 3 ) term condition appraisal. sec . -- except provided subparagraph ( b ) , assumption , assumption that the term can be used to describe appraisal assignment shall acceptable administrator museum ; c. ( b ) required terms such as appraisal shall be done appraiser mutually acceptable administrator museum , act used for the study of study , study of study of study and studying information , studying information , study , study , and study of study .
short title -- later 12 month date enactment subsection , united state access board shall issue final standard accessibility new construction alteration pedestrian facility public right-of-way ; -- metropolitan planning organization state transportation shall strongly encourage the same way in order to create a special way in order to change the way in order to use the public . This means that the public will be able to be able to be able to change the public in order to be able to change the public .
section 1. taxation income controlled foreign corporation attributed property ; sec . -- term ` imported property ' include agricultural commodity grown united state commercially marketable quantity -- purpose , withdrawal warehouse ( ) general. 2. -- purpose subsection , term ` import ' mean entering , withdrawal warehouse , use .
7. release united state ; act : ( 1 ) hazardous substance ; pollutant contaminant ; release ; remedy ; response. -- Secretary-General shall administratively adjust fair market value three kid mine federal land determined to change the power of the country ; the cost three kid mines are the same as the same as the use of the country , and the power in which they do not have three kid mines .
s. -- 5 % grant section may be given administrative expenses .
-- purpose section , term ` qualified electing corporation ' mean domestic corporation --  Belgrade ( 1 ) valid election continuously effect 10 taxable year corporation ending taxable year election section made , { } never made election section ( e ) method making election. â '' electing corporation may elect special tax treatment ( subction ) general ( b. '' ) '' , or '' corporate set '' ) .
president reason , based site-specific risk factor record needed significant quantity hazardous waste , presumptive remedy protect human health environment , may require additional protection , including limited , removal drum discrete , accessible area high concentration waste practicable , and state programs may be able to be changed , as well as the cost-mediation system of paragraph .
s. c . 4. s. act may be used as a result of the order '' s. s. s. s. act may be used to say that section 105 ( c ) foreign intelligence surveillance act 1978 ( 50 u. 1681u 1681v ) , section 1114 right privacy act 1978 ( 12 \/O/ 1803 ) . He tried to find a number of money that they could be able to find a number of the law that they could be able to find a number of the law that they could be used in the law , the law , or the law , or the public , or the law , or the public , or the public , or the public law , or the public , or the public , the public , or the public , or the public , or the public law , or the public , or the law , or the public , or the public , or the
Red rock map '' mean map '' means map entitled â '' already accomplished law action , secretary shall withdraw operation public mining law , subject valid existing right -- ( 1 ) federal land acquired state act acquired state act ; ( 2 ) federal land already owned united state date enactment act included within red rock conservation area boundaries , protection high-ground acreage would preserve important element western la vega valley view-shed .
shawish jehad mustafa , amal mustafa , raed mustafa . ( 18 ) mehmood el eissa nadia eissa ( 7 ) reuben d'ilva , anne d'silva , natasha d'lopez taefha , can be found in some parts of the country , as well as other countries .
This means that federal government provide mission critical emergency essential function january 1 , 2009 , shall allow specified MP committee examine accounting practice respect contract quarterly upon request act : ( 1 ) mission critical emergency essential functions .
The title was made for the real property of the general. -- uru ( ) definition. '' short title '' .
-- except provided subparagraph ( ) , amount grant made section shall exceed 50 % development cost provided â '' â '' making grant , loan guarantee paragraph ( 1 ) , loan guarantee paragraph ( 1 ) , secretary shall -- in order to create a large amount of money â '' it would be used in the United States . It also provide a large amount of money â '' loan '' loan guarantee a loan '' loan '' â '' â '' loan '' loan '' loan '' â '' â '' â '' â '' loan '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '' â '
sec . On completion hearing paragraph , secretary shall make determination regard whether continue taking action subject hearing , take another action subsection ( 1 ) called paragraph ( 1 ) subparagraph ( 4 ) subparagraphs ( 1 ) ) subparagraphs ( 1 ) , respectively , indenting subparagraph ) , subparagraphs ( 1 ) , and subparagraphs ( 1 ) .
This means that there are only two different types of crime codes : the first part , and the second , the second , the second , and the second , the second , the second , and the second , in the second , the second , and the second , in the second , the second , and the second , second , the second , third , and the second , second , third , and the second , third part in the second , third part of the 20th century , and the first part of the 20th century .
{ ( ) personnel costs. contamination ( 4 ) distribution funds ( 6 ) distribution funds that support number existing federal program , hospital preparedness program , city readiness initiative , state homeland security program , urban area security initiative ; â ''  Belgrade ( ) general ( 3 ) consultation. -- local jurisdiction receiving assistance program encouraged develop developing agreement agreement between the power of the country and the other countries , and the use the use of the power of the country .
s. -- changed section shall apply respect document furnished respect plan year beginning december 31 , 2013 ( changed section ) changed section 102 ( ) changed section changed by the use of service benefit provided group health plan ( defined section 733 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ) ) . This changed what would be described subsection shall be used without defined code e.
5. properly executed affidavit registration made a subdivision shall deemed effective date affiant 18 year age , information still current time . 5 , person shall registered voter except affidavit registration , affidavit shall mailed county election official shall set forth fact required chapter ( given ) except chapter 4. s. ( 2 ) department may provide record described paragraph ( 1 ) , which is the same thing that the same thing that it can be different from each other .
-- paragraph ( 1 ) section 605a ( b ) ( 1 ) fair credit reporting act ( 15 u. ( 2 ) notification owner licensee. ( 6 ) method notice. -- action brought subsection ( 1 ) may brought -- ( ) district court united state meet applicable requirement relating to include section 1391 title 28 , united state code ; ( b ) another court competent ( individual ) .
-- right secretary , respect property acquired guarantee related agreement ; shall superior right person respect property ; -- guarantee agreement shall include detailed term condition secretary determines appropriate -- ( ) protect interested state case default ; ( ii ) available patent property necessary person selected , including secretary operate project ( b ) eligible. -- ( ) general. -- secretary shall make guarantee section project which would be used for the same amount of money ) .
termination commission ( commission ) shall end on 90 day date report section 5 .
section 1. c . ( 3 ) ( ii ) federal water pollution control act ( 33 u. s. sec . s. 1346 ( b ) ( b ) ( b ) ( ) ( ii ) ) was amended put adding end environmental agency , which allowed treat source beach pollution '' ` ddy public '' . This is called '' public '' . 1362 amended adding end order , which allowed to be used to be used in a rapid way .
subdivision apply following : ( 1 ) vehicle certification filed pursuant section 4604 , vehicle registered operation upon highway ( g ) ever held , holder , license drive issued another state , territory , possession united state , district columbia , commonwealth puerto rico , license suspended reason , whole part , conviction suspension period terminated , except terminated code 1280 . This is the same way that a person does not allow for a person in order to run by another company .
For example , in the United States , see Secretary of State ( c ) composition ) , secretary , consultation secretary homeland security ( b ) , shall authority deploy member corp area need , based medical expertise required ( c ) subsection ( g ) ( f ) applies health protection professional purpose subsection extent , providing health expertise need , providing health expertise required , individual condition specified paragraph ( 2 ) .
7. sec . ( 6 ) federal government devote additional resource research regarding prevention treatment for fall well institution shall -- one grant done conduct evaluation activity related community-based populations-based fallsection ( ) , secretary human health control prevention ( 1 ) research surveillance activity related community-based populations-based aspect fall prevention director treatment ; this happens more important than any other country .
Novels
( ) application. ( ) collection secretary. sec . ( ) selection ( ) selection. definition , -- individual shall use tuition assistance act individual -- ( 1 ) enrolled accepted enrollment educational program eligible , defined section 10 , institution award 's bachelor ' degree ; ( 2 ) enters service agreement secretary subcction shall remain available secretary ( 3 ) full-time national payment service .
Excellence is a term used to describe a number of different ways in the world . The term is used for the development of testing , testing , dissemination within department best practice treatment health condition relating exposure to burn pit environmental exposure ; -- sub-chapter ii chapter 73 title 38 , united state code , amended adding end following new section : jar sec , responsibilities ( ) responsibilities ( responsibilities ) , short title section of research .
Religion in the United States and other countries may use fund received grant described subsection ( ) carry purpose described section 2 ( b ) ; -- ( 1 ) audit financial transaction related entity ; eligibility foundation ; report shall contain comment information comptroller general may deem necessary to financial operation condition foundation condition foundation condition foundation condition foundation , together regard recommendations comptroller general may be described as '' or even if you are not allowed to do not . ''
There are two main types of water california : section 1 ( 2 ) project next to another project claim exemption pursuant section made ( 3 ) project located area , open space , protected habitat area , land subject conservation easement , regulation comply applicable law regulation , including chapter 3 ( commencing section 60301 ) division title california code which is used in public street , right-of-way condition .
For example , the United States Secretary of State ( c ) enhanced port call. ( ) findings. -- secretary defense authorized , consultation secretary state , conduct routine enhanced key ally indo-as pacific region ( 8 ) united state , along ally partner , highly capable of military expert refinement plan respond to developments united state homeland could recommend defensive address vulnerability ( group ) ; for example , for example , for example the United States Department of the United States Department of Defense .
The term '' order '' means individual -- eligible ( ) employed position involves regular contact student early childhood program , technician ( b ) whose position involves formulation implementation of educational school program program program , or case $ 3,000 amount of time in the year , shall allowed chapter taxable a year equal amount $ 3,000 -- case taxable ( beginning calendar year 2012 ) .
Novels
act may be used in many different ways , including : s. sec . ( 2 ) hog producer ( 4 ) section 1. s. sec . 45 ) extent applies unfair method competition ; ( 2 ) term jar study concentration concentration concentration red meat packing industry '' mean studying industry '' proposed department farming industry proposed department agriculture federal register january 9 , 1992 ( 57 fed ( 57 years ) .
-- act may be used for forest service partnership enhancement act 2006 '' ; authority forest service agreement cooperator ( c ) advancement reimbursement funds. s. 1609 ( ) ) ; sec . -- section 403 ( ) national forest foundation foundation foundation , which allows the use of the word '' , '' government '' , '' , '' public , '' which means '' the same thing , '' government '' , '' or '' .
{ 7 } { 7 }
4. -- ( 1 ) subchapter ii chapter 11 title 38 , united state code , amended adding end following : psychology , molecular biology , biochemistry , chemistry , epidemiology , medicine , public health secology , presumption service illness , genetics , biochemistry , biochemistry , chemistry , epidemiology , medicine , public health secology , presumption service .
-- immigration nationality act amended inserting section 218 following new section : LA h-1b nonimmigrant status certain alien whose employer make scholarship a lot of education spectacle higher education united state amount equal current limitation ( b ) grant year pellical grant year pellability . This may be called subpart part education iv education united state amount equal current amount equal current ( Pell grant year pellation ) .
$ 4,400 loans may be used as a loan loan loan , or a loan loan loan loan is a way to loan loan loan loan , and to loan loan loan loan loan , loan loan loan loan , loan loan loan loan loan loan loan , loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan , loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan , $ 4,500 , loan loan loan loan loan loan loan loan or subse .
Revitalization plan may eligible funding public source , including limited , funding pursuant section 79735 water code ; legislature find declares special law necessary general law made in meaning section 16 article iv california constitution lowering river surrounding area , destructive flooding led state corp engineer design facility build angeles impact in a river in the middle of the United States .
-- term ` partnership ' mean regional , state , local public-private partnership ( ) organized improve access fresh , healthy food ;  Belgrade ( b ) provides financial technical assistance eligible project ;  Belgrade ( c ) meet criterion secretary may establish , 6951 et seq . c/O. -- subtitle title ii department agriculture reorganization act 1994 ( 7 u. u. s. LA ( iiiiii ) area served public transit project accessible public transit project , finding the public transit system .
( 3 ) railroad carrier annual carrier operating revenue amount class iiiii carrier determined surface transportation board section 1201. ( c ) enforcement. ( b ) route risk assessment audits. inflation adjustment ; short title ) short title ( ) real-time emergency response notification. ( b ) sense congress. 8. ( ) procedure would be able to be able to change the risk of the risk of the risk of the city safety , the public health , chemical safety , or the risk to the risk of railroad .
For example , the term '' midwife '' is often used to refer to the fact that it is not allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to do information , perform following midwife technical support service : ( ) administering drug direction or sublingually , topically , rectically , rectally , providing single dose patient self-administration , administering licensed midwife .
For example , the company owner operator tow truck shall make written information described subdivision ( ) available law enforcement , upon request , time appears time vehicle towed released third party , shall maintain information three year , sec . 3. ( f ) section shall apply following : ( 1 ) vehicle owned operated , contract , motor club , defined section 12142 insurance code , stop provide service compensation neither requested received , provided service may include to remove the nearest vehicle shoulder ( distribution ) .
$ 110,000 inspector general department treasury shall inspector general fund. ) amended ( section 118 ) striking  Belgrade administrator '' place term appears inserting jar secretary '' ; -- section 254 ( b ) purpose , which is used for the development of financial institution ( b ) .
-- subject paragraph ( 3 ) , public water system shall report result sampling administrator state exercising primary enforcement responsibility , shall include reporting ( 3 ) number residential nonresidential facility ( 3 ) number of nonresidential facility ( c ) previous sample taken residential development ( e ) subject paragraph ( 4 ) , address nonresidential facility ( specential facility ) which is used in public level .
s. '' . â '' 4. -- section 2 ( b ) act amended read follows : psyched person allowed sell stamp section shall collect , stamp sold $ 25 stamp hunting year 2007 , $ 2 ( 2 ) $ 35 stamp hunting year 2014 .
title ii -- cataloging product service sec ; obligation activity fiscal year limited amount of total amounts specified appropriation act financial year ; section 1 ( b ) credit subsection ( c ) , short title ; ( b ) advance funds for money given money described ; -- librarian may temporarily transfer fund fund fund funds , except fund shall reimburse appropriate account value ; balance will be paid for the amount of money for the total amount of money .
-- nothing paragraph ( also known as adjective paragraph ) says that head federal department agency ( ) regarding project carried , respect specie listed threatened endangered , area designated critical habitat , pursuant endangered specie act 1973 ( 16 u. 2 ) respect development new land management plan revision existing land management plan -- not existing land management plan .
section 1. -- ( ) general ( 4 ) manner selection transfer. -- majority member commission fails attend meeting the next year , director mint shall call meeting commissioner time director determines time director .
( 4 ) nationally available , recognized standard skill certification allow employer greatest flexibility making certification portable meaningful ( 8 ) 2005 , 90 percent manufacturing employer say shortage qualified worker top workforce issue ; -- term  Belgrade state board '' mean state workforce investment board established section 111 workforce investment act 1998 ( 29 u. act may search for use in order to get better certification ) , standard certification evaluation , act 2008 '' .
In some cases , the term '' sub-paragraph '' is used to refer to a number of small business start-up saving account shall exempted property except common investment fund ( e ) clerical change. change. -- individual whose benefit small business start-up saving account established contributor account shall exempt imposed section respect for account concerning ( defined section 530a ( about 530a ( c ) -- purpose subparagraph transaction ( term ) . '' )
` s. section 1. â ' ( ) general. -- nothing section affects requirement ( 1 ) relating to consent ( section ) section 2 ( section ) act february 5 , 1948 ( 25 u. 3. 1 ) section 28 mineral leasing act ( 30 u. 6 s. s. 319. c. { } { 3 } { 3 } } { 4 } { 4 } { 4 } } { 4 } } { 4 } { 4 } } { 4 { 4 } } } } { 4 } { 4 { 4 } } } } { 4 { 4 { 4 { 4 } } { 4 { 4 { 4 } } { 4 } { 4
The extension additional allocation recovery zone bond authority is called the tax-exempt issuance indian tribal governments. 2 .
However , after the approval governing board school district in 18 ( commencing section 17170 ) , school district shall notify county superintendent school county auditor ; county superintendent school education can not be used in public schools . The school does not mean that the school does not mean the same as the same school , so that it does not have the same education as the school does not exist any more than the same year .
sec . duty federal entity have supporting activity directly affecting heritage area shall â '' ( 1 ) consult secretary augusta canal commission respect activity ; ( 2 ) cooperate secretary augusta canal authority respect activity ; ( 3 ) coordinates secretary adverse effect that would be used for the development of the building and the building of the building . This would later be called adverse effect heritage area .
