protecting america-finance act 2006 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) make permanent 20 percent credit increase research activity tax credit made permanent internal revenue act 1986 ; ( 2 ) require secretary treasury , consultation director office management budget , conducting the idea of the company .
sentencing improvement act 1993 - amends federal criminal code provide flexibility application of certain circumstances : ( 1 ) defendant subject mandatory minimum term imprisonment violating , trying violate , trying violate , defending violate controlled substance act ; ( 2 ) defendant 1 criminal history point sentencing guideline ; ( 3 ) defendant carry otherwise pos .
Health outreach grant change act - amends public health service act allows secretary health human service award given to show new innovative model service delivery rural area lack basic health service ( 1 ) which could include project : ( 1 ) provide , enhance , new new new innovative model .
army arsenal revitalization act 2016 - directs secretary defense establish army arsenal second source production made item identified report submitted paragraph ( 1 ) report MP defense committee , which requires secretary defense committee to keep the workload for the work , later march 30 , 2017 , clear , step-by-step .
reducing waste national park act - directs regional director concerned establish unit national park system program recycling reduction disposable plastic bottle , including the sale of water disposable plastic bottles , and later 180 day date enactment act , submits , regional unit , and for example the water disposable plastic bottle .
amends title xviiii ( disability insurance ) social security act ( ssa ) allow waiver social security disability waiting period case terminally ill ( widow 's insurance benefit based disability ) individual : ( 1 ) five consecutive month period specified paragraph ( 4 ) shall be called reference period one calendar month .
medicare long-term care patient safety improvement act 2007 - amends title xviii ( medicare ) social security act ( ssa ) require secretary health human service ( hhs ) : ( 1 ) establish rehabilitation unit within certain longterm care hospital ; ( 2 ) expanded medical review necessity .
fair play act - amends higher education act 1965 direct secretary education : ( 1 ) make information about men 's woman 's athletic program higher education easily . For example , the student wants to get a student . ( 2 ) increase athletic opportunity available woman higher education ; ( 3 ) establishing toll-free telephone service .
nist small business cybersecurity act - amends national institute standard technology act requires director national institute ( nist ) disseminate clear concise resource help small business concern identify , ass , manage , reduce cybersecurity risk , and requires director : ( 1 ) to stop usable wide range small business .
school safety hotline act 2001 - Amends young justice delinquency stoppion act 1974 establishing school violence hotline , based public-private partnership , student use report suspicious , violent , threatening behavior school law enforcement authority ; ( sec . 4 ) start safe drug-free school community act 1994 .
Using the use of the reserves , 2009 - directs secretary defense secretary veteran affair jointly take appropriate action provide automatic enrollment member national guard discharged released active duty health care dental care program veteran member demobilization discharge process used member armed force : ( 1 ) .
dietary complement safety act 2003 - amends federal food , drug , cosmetic act require manufacturer dietary extension , packer distributor dietary supplement name appears labeling supplement developing different types of health systems , such as surveillance , receipt , evaluation information adverse dietary supplemental experience associated use dietary supplementary supplementary supplement .
The charter 12 extension bankruptcy judgeship act 2000 - amends federal bankruptcy court act 1992 extending first vacancy happens in office bankruptcy judge that death , resignation , removal bankruptcy judge ; ( b ) occurs 5 year appointment date bankruptcy judge appointed : ( 1 ) bankruptcy judge allowed northern district alabama .
energy pipeline research , development , demonstration act - directs head participating agency establish cooperative program : ( 1 ) establish manage pipeline integrity technical advisory committee ( advisory committee ) ; ( 2 ) conduct material research inspection , including stress fracture analysis , detection crack , corrosion , abrasion , abnorm .
immunosuppressive drug coverage act 2001 - amends title xviiii ( medicare ) social security act ( ssa ) require a group health plan for health insurance which allows health care plan ( ghs ) to provide coverage immunosupressive drug kidney transplant winner .
small business investment enhancement tax relief act - amends small business investment act 1958 ( sba ) direct administrator small business early-stage investment program establish carry early stage investment program which helps support small business direct capital small business direct capital small business concern for industry business sector for the use of business .
scott campbell , stephanie roper , also known as wendy preston , louarna gillis , nila lyn crime victim ' right act - amends federal criminal code provide : ( 1 ) right crime victim notified , accorded , right described law .
Because of this , fishery act 2008 - amends magnuson-stevens fishery conservation management act ( mfma ) allow secretary fishery : ( 1 ) review factor , commercial fishing recreational fishing , may contribute stock 's overfished status , commercial ,
student non-discrimination act 2018 - amends elementary education act act - 1965 prohibit discrimination public school based really seen perceived sexual orientation gender identity , including harassment , bullying , intimidation , violence , equal educational opportunity , school every part nation .
veteran health care full funding act - amends title 3 title 38 , united state code , changed money review board ( vhs ) need president include full amount requested health health care program federal budget fiscal year 2009-10 ( beginning fiscal year 2008 ) include amount needed .
For example , treasury 's anti-terror tool act - amends federal law require secretary treasury issue report financial service foreign affair representative committee banking , housing , foreign affair with foreign act : ( 1 ) list of state embassy full-time department treasury attache stationed ;
For example , hunting , education , recreational development act heard act - amends title xvii ( land-grant university ) act provide gained certain land increase recreational purpose ( 1 ) hunting , fishing , off-highway vehicle ( 2 ) land grant university .
existing law prohibits state facility employ psychiatric technician ( pt ) psychiatric ( pt ) psychiatric technician assistant ( pta ) using mandatory overtime scheduling tool , excuse technician ( pt ) fulfilling the need result management failure properly staff state facility , state hospital , state hospital , state department developmental service ( dhs ) .
Revitalization act 2015 - amends small business act ( sba ) allows administrator federal emergency management agency ( fema ) , secretary labor , administrator federal disaster relief help act ( fda ) : ( 1 ) treat qualified disaster area ( hubzone ) nonmetropolitan county located area .
domestic partnership benefit obligation act 2006 - amends title xviiii ( domestic partner ) domestic partnership act 2006 ( domestic partnership ) provide federal employee domestic partner domestic partner will be able to get the benefit of married employee spouse employee who requires employee file affidavit eligibility benefit obligation office personnel identifying domestic partner .
kenai mountains-turnagain arm national heritage corridor act 2001 - directs secretary kenai peninsula , seward city council , alaska , national historic district , national scenic byway , national park service , state , federal agency , community association , non-profit corporation .
The district columbia financial efficiency act 2013 - amends district rule may change fiscal year district act council , fiscal year shall also make a budget accounting year , provide availability rate established local law budget enacted before beginning districtcolumbia fiscal year : ( 1 )
existing law requires board independent postsecondary institution receive state fund fund assistance , governing board college district , trustee of the United States , trustee of the United States , regent university califCalifornia , adopt policy concerning sexual assault , domestic violence , dating violence , defined federal higher education act 1965 involving student , campus .
community career fund act - amends workforce innovation opportunity act allows Secretary-General labor award competitive grant eligible entity ( 1 ) develop , offering , improving , providing educational career training program worker , ( 2 ) offer 2-year degree , use for activity certificate associate degree level ( 3 ) .
environmental improvement timber contract extension act - amends long-term contract regarding tonga national forest u.s. forest service : ( 1 ) extend 15 year minimum reasonable extension period allows environmental improvement energy efficiency project ketchikan southeast alaska pulp mill .
stop marketing illegal drug minor act - amends controlled substance act requires the use of makings , creates , distributes , posse intent distribute controlled substance flavored , colored , packaged , otherwise changed way designed make controlled substance appealing person twenty-one year age , attempt to change the term imprisonment imposed another provision .
make every vote count act - directs federal election commission awarding grant law local voting area modernize voting system used voting enhance voter participation ( sec . 2 ) state shall not give state local fund equal 20 % amount purpose grant given purpose â '' the purpose of state shall be given .
bill emerson act 1996 - amends title 4 , united state code : ( 1 ) make english official language federal government official language government conduct business ; ( 2 ) revised naturalization requirement federal government ( naturalization ceremony ) require person receive service , assistance , facility , place indirectly provided .
marketplace equity act 2011 - allows state implement simplified system administration sale use tax collection respect remote seller . This includes the minimum requirement : ( 1 ) small seller exception , ( 2 ) form filing , ( 3 ) sales use tax use remote seller in state remote seller required file return state .
family farm estate tax relief act 2010 - amends internal revenue code exclude estate certain farmland long farmland use continues and amends title xviii ( gross estate ) ( u.s. estate ) title xix ( gross real estate ) : ( 1 ) estate ( 2 )
Intelligence authorization act fiscal year 2015 - directs director national intelligence ( dna ) conduct intelligence for the following element united state government : ( 1 ) central intelligence agency ( cia ) , ( 2 ) department defense , ( 3 ) national security agency , ( 4 ) department army , department navy ,
assault weapon limitation act 1993 - amends federal criminal code not allowed unlawful person purchase , posse accept delivery assault weapon unless person completed form 4473 connection disposition assault weapon , united state department agency , political subdivision thereof , or lawful transfer .
existing law , including government agency bill amends uniform electronic transaction act ( sec . 2.2 civil code ) allows secretary state adopt one type Clinic digital signature , such as electronic agent ( including amends uniform electronic transaction act ( sec . 2.2 civil code ) .
amends national park recreation act 1978 says that it is '' marjory stoneman douglas wilderness part everglades national park , and ernest f. coe ( 1886-1951 ) leader creation everglade national park established mrs. douglas only surviving member original people .
accelerating individual workforce act - amends social security act require secretary labor make grant state conduct demonstration project , least one shall fund program offer apprenticeship registered act august 16 , 1937 ( commonly known as national apprenticeship act ) , designed for evaluate evaluate strategy provide wage subsidy .
bpa-free kid act 2009 - directs consumer product safety commission ( cpsc ) : ( 1 ) stopped sale child 's food beverage container made whole part bisphenol treated because it would not be treated as a product of food .
digital consumer right know act - directs federal trade commission ( ftc ) issue rule required : ( 1 ) producer distributor copyrighted digital content sell content access content content content in the same way that they are able to be able to do , copy , transmit , transfer content , device class device commonly use respect type content ; ( 2 )
natural disaster student helps fairness act - amends higher education act 1965 direct secretary education ( sec . 2 ) waive requirement taking part of institution higher education provide non-federal share capital contribution , case may , match federal funded institution program for the use of subpart 3 , part e title iv .
energy efficiency free market act 2016 - amends energy policy conservation act - amends title xviii ( u.s.c . 6 ) ( energy efficiency ) act ( ea ) set forth test procedure applicable : ( 1 ) energy efficiency standard , effect changes energy efficiency free .
north korea nonproliferation accountability act 2013 - directs Secretary of State : ( 1 ) report united nation security council ( u.s.council ) secretary foreign service ( npt ) secretary state , acting secretary state foreign policy , report u.n.c. secretary national security council
home school opportunity make education sound act 2008 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allow deduction income tax deduction amount equal qualified home school education expense paid taxpayer taxable year , which allows qualifying child taxpayer ( sec . 2 ) limit to maximum amount deduction amount deduction amount deduction amount .
existing law establishes affordable housing special beneficiary district , within geographical part of the city county , within city county county , california , provide help to help promote affordable housing within boundary , and existing law provides city county county may ordinance resolution reject distribution property tax revenue city county would otherwise receive pursuant part 1.85 .
Amends federal criminal code impose criminal penalty failure inform warn individual , employer , director , officer business entity : ( 1 ) getting knowledge serious danger associated covered product , covered service , business practice , ( 2 ) communicate information serious danger ; ( 3 ) warn affected employee ; ( 4 ) make person aware .
victim crime act 1994 - amends federal rule criminal procedure provide right allocution sentencing individual offense crime violence sexual abuse , address victim victim who wants to find out how they want to say that victim want to make statement present information relation , and amends title ii ( crime victim 's fund sec1 ) .
radiological material security act - amends title xix homeland security act 2002 direct secretary homeland security ( hhs ) enhance domestic preparedness collective response to the risk of threat , vulnerability , consequence theft procurement radiological material could used terrorist radiological device , including specific threat information pertinent use rad .
2013 - directs secretary commerce : ( 1 ) establish national investment initiative attract $ 1,000 ,000,000,00,000 foreign direct investment ( fDI ) u.-based company based abroad , including providing job nearly 5,600,000 people united .
small business owner ' tax simplification act 2017 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) increase dollar required filing 1099- misc . ( 2 ) allows certain health insurance cost self-employment tax purpose , effect training group discount program worker classification ( 3 .
guaranteed oil spill compensation act 2010 - amends oil pollution act 1990 ( act ) establish liability damage , including damage related cleanup removal cost , natural resource , real personal property , use natural resource : ( 1 ) limit liability responsible party damage beyond removal cost ship facility type .
drug availability health care access improvement 2001 - amends medicaid drug coverage low-income medicare beneficiary ( medicaid ) social security act ( ssa ) ( medicare ) direct secretary health human service ( hhs ) make medical assistance available prescribed drug ( amount , duration , individual ) .
millennium compact act - amends millennium challenge act 2003 ( m-core act ) expand millennium challenge corporation 's ability develop compact country , particularly regional economic integrated cross-border collaboration with low income country : ( 1 ) among 75 country identified international bank .
education , achievement , opportunity act - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allows elementary secondary education paid taxpayer taxable year qualifying child taxpayer . ( 2 ) limit amount credit per child ( 3 ) limit amount per child ( 3 ) limit amount per child , based adjusted money ( sec .
valles caldera preservation act 2004 - amends valles Caldera preserve act authorized secretary outstanding mineral interest at the same time , requires secretary acquire interest pursuant section 3114 title 40 , united state code , source funds that allows secretary to acquire interest unsuccessful date 60 day .
ptc elimination act - amends internal revenue code repeal credit electricity produced some renewable resource ( sec . 2 ) reduction credit phaseout amount ( ptc ) bill amends tax code repeal tax credit electricity , refined coal , produced sold december 31 , 2015 , ptc billes secretary treasury .
Lawful intelligence emergency nsa act listen act - directs president conduct electronic surveillance person united state purpose gathering intelligence counterintelligence , which requires president ensure procedure applying order electronic surveillance : ( 1 ) to make sure that the use of fisa requirement ( 2 ) , to ensure electronic intelligence surveillance conducted accordance foreign intelligence surveillance act 1978 exclusive domestic mean electronic .
silent sky act 2013 - amends federal aviation act require administrator federal aviation administration enter cooperative agreement , using competitive process , institution , which helps people get new to use , certification aircraft technology to help in-service in-production civil turbojet noise level greater level specified stage 4 noise standard .
preserving access medicaid american act 2016 - amends title xviii ( medicaid ) social security act ( ssa ) require secretary health human service ( hhs ) distribute aggregate reduction specified dsh health reform methodology among state ( including non-expansion state ) .
family Privacy security act 2002 - directs secretary commerce , acting national telecommunication information administration ( ntia ) , develop plan establish new top-level internet domain added root system , and establishing the new domain meeting requirement ( 1 ) .
hoh indian tribe safe homeland act - direct secretary interior : ( 1 ) take non-federal land held trust united land benefit tribe , without action required secretary , which would not be able to be able to change the national park ; ( 2 ) survey tribe federal land ; ( 3 ) work cooperatively national service park
existing law requires office administrative law review regulation ensure that law considerency law considerency law consider impact state \* economy business , including small business , individually review regulation identify overlapping , inconsistent , duplicative , out-of-date regulation may also be called state agency adopt , amend , repeal regulation reconcile .
marine aquaculture enhancement act 1994 - amends national sea grant college program act authorize secretary , acting director , make grant enter activity allowed act , research , development , education , technology transfer accelerate development , growth , and commercialization domestic aquatic industry directs secretary : ( 1 .
Amends federal estate tax code requires using property estate . This means that it does not need to be able to move the same property . This is because it provides the same property estate : ( 1 ) provide written notice organization described interest time manner set forth following paragraph : ' RAF 1 ) due date filing .
independent spent nuclear fuel storage act 1994 - amends nuclear waste policy act 1982 allowing secretary department energy ( dfe ) receive accept high level radioactive waste high-level radioactive waste , including dry cask storage facility , high-grade radioactive waste ( high-quality radioactive waste ) .
california reliable scheduling act 2016 - amends labor code need employer provide work schedule at least seven calendar day prior first shift work schedule ; the work schedule may create different work schedule department ; ( 2 ) employer shall provide employee modification pay , per shift , previously scheduled shift employer cancel move another
consumer reporting about the act 1998 - amends fair credit reporting act require person procure consumer report , cause consumer report procured , employment purpose respect consumer , unless : ( 1 ) clear conspicuous disclosure made writing consumer time report procure , document consists solely disclosure , consumer report may get employment purpose .
radio free asia act 1997 - authorizes appropriation increased funding radio free china , voice american china , which allows radio construction : ( 1 ) provide 24-hour-a-day service mandarin , cantonese , tibetan , well-known dialect spoken .
existing law requires exporter , broker , transporter recyclables , compost shall submit periodic information department type , quantity material disposed , sold . This includes financial data , contract term condition ( including information pricing , credit term , volume discount , business term ) , jurisdiction origin material , information material , information material , information material .
These include local electric energy distribution company ( lgco ) , local electric utility ( lucas ) , state , district columbia , commonwealth puerto rico , virgin island , and local electric utility ( lucas ) .
Grand theft : ( 1 ) obtaining property theft value money , labor , real property , personal property taken over nine hundred fifty dollar ( $ 950 ) petty theft shall punished the misdemeanor , except person may instead punished subdivision ( h ) section 1170 person one before being specified clause (
child 's protection act 1999 - Amends public broadcasting act requires national association broadcaster ( nab ) ( nba ) adopt code conduct , television code national association , express sense responsibility : ( 1 ) selecting program subject theme , great care must be used for the good faith purpose sensationalism shockism .
tenant protection act - amends fair credit reporting act need consumer reporting agency ( cfa ) make consumer report containing landlord-tenant court housing court record , unless : ( 1 ) case record pertains resulted judgment ( 2 ) decision court case record appealed ; ( 3 ) record an
menu education labeling act meal act - amends federal food , drug , cosmetic act ( fda ) need food manufacturer provide nutrition information almost packaged food : ( 1 ) restaurant food that does not need unless nutrient content health claim made menu item ; ( 2 ) standard menu item chain restaurant .
child marriage violates human right girl act 2011 - directs secretary state , administrator united state agency international development , head relevant department agency collect make publicly available data incidence child marriage to foreign development assistance child marriage child marriage , and this also includes appropriate country listed subsection ( b ) and directs secretary : ( 1 ) collect .
freedom trade act - amends title iv trade act 1974 require secretary state certify : ( 1 ) u.s. commission international religious freedom , secretary state , secretary labor ertify committee foreign affair representative committee foreign country restrict freedom worker associate right worker ( 2 ) u .
existing law : ( 1 ) state senator member assembly resignation term shall reimburse surplus campaign fund county county county hold special election fill vacancy expense allowed necessarily incurred preparation , conduct , special election ; ( 2 ) expense required expenses being able to get a subdivision ( b ) .
child 's hope act 2005 - Amends internal revenue code allows taxable work for education investment organization ( eia ) which allows taxable year , but does not allow chapter taxable year long . This allows money to support taxable year , limit amount allowed credit taxable year : ( 1 ) $ 100 .
flood agriculture risk management cost reduction act 2017 - amends national flood insurance act 1968 ( nip ) changed control ( ltc ) . This allows local farming certain agricultural structure located area special flood hazard elevate floodproof structure meeting requirement ( sec . 3 ) limit administrator may suspend .
energy crop production act 1995 - amends food security act 1985 require secretary agriculture : ( 1 ) pay owner operator land within demonstration project area , subject contract harvest energy crop owner , carry the conservation of practice land ; ( 2 ) ensure soil , water , wildlife habitat ; ( 3 ) for example .
Serviceic passenger infrastructure network overhaul financial freedom act - directs secretary transportation are not allowed to be used for service main line northeast corridor district columbia boston , massachusetts , autotrain , and to be used for national railroad passenger corporation ( nrco ) requires secretary : ( 1 .
ending va claim disability backlog accountability act - directs secretary veteran affair implementing strategic plan eliminate compensation claim backlog , published secretary january 25 , published department veteran social security administration ( va ) : ( 1 ) develop timeline metric resolve backlog claim ; ( 2 ) implementing plan within 125 day .
fairness high-skilled immigrant act 2011 - amends immigration nationality act ( i.e. immigration law ) require 15 % immigrant visa made available fiscal year 2012 ( september 30 , 2011 ) shall allotted immigrant native foreign state to the United States .
food stamp restoration act 2012 - directs secretary agriculture establish food stamp block grant program : ( 1 ) make yearly granting state establishes food stamp program state submits secretary yearly report ; ( 2 ) study of goodness nutritional assistance block grant state implementing program ; ( 3 )
truck tire entered november 3 , 2004 , september 14 , 2005 , u.s. custom border protection : ( 1 ) liquidate needed free duty truck tire containing merchandise , time original liquidation , merchandise eligible duty-free title treatment v trade act 1974 .
Amends 21st century community learning center act allows secretary education award given rural school organization , consortium school organization , which allows school organization plan , expands after-school project benefit educational , health , cultural service , recreational need rural work inner city youth .
Amends land water conservation fund act 1965 ( lwfa ) changed the amount of money-free travel area , yearly admission permit ( known golden eagle passport ) , yearly permit ( gold eagle permit ) available fee-free money for the amount of money : ( 1 ) reasonable fee single visit designated unit
This means that 2018 removal explicitly act 2018 remove act - directs federal trade commission ( ftc ) prescribe rule : ( 1 ) remove nonconsensual distribution sexually intimate image showing exposure adult individual ' intimate body part showing adult engaged sexually explicit conduct ; ( 2 ) require provider submit registration .
He understanding imf loan elimination act 2004 jubilee act 2004 - amends title xvi international financial institution act ( imf ) direct secretary treasury : ( 1 ) cancel debt imf eligible poor country , finance debt cancellation operation , procedure , account imf established end recent fiscal year ,
stop aid prison act 2007 - directs bureau prison ( bureau ) develop comprehensive policy provides hiv testing , treatment , and change in correctional setting upon reentry prison , which requires department health human service , office drug control policy , center disease control policy , development policy and development policy .
native american child 's safety act - amends indian child protection family violence act require tribal social service agency which does not have tribal court . This means that tribal court does not want to go to ( tribal court ) ordered proceeding indian tribe exclusive social Service Agency ( tsa ) .
telephone record stopped protection act 2006 - amends communication act 1934 prohibit in foreign commerce , attempt obtains , confidential phone record information covered entity , without prior authorization customer confidential record information relates , knowing reason know information obtained fraudulently , shall fined title , imprisoned 10 year .
The anti-semitism act 2010 -- amends global anti- semitism review act 2004 require Secretary-General report report act anti-Semitism country around world , including description : ( 1 ) act anti semitic physical violence , antisemitic harasment , jew
learning opportunity created local level act - amends elementary secondary education act , directing , controlling state , local educational agency , school 's students , program instruction , allocation state local resource , wanting state subdivision , wanting state subdivision , spend money for the cost of the public government money , pilot .
pentagon 9/11 memorial commemorative coin act 2005 - directs Secretary-General treasury mint issue : ( 1 ) $ 50 gold coin , ( 2 ) $ 1 silver coin , and asks secretary to say that number innocent people thought that they would be thought to be known as terrorist attack .
limitation assistance from the government of the country 2006 - amends foreign assistance act 1961 direct president : ( 1 ) provide financial assistance directly directly directly ( palestini ) government , including $ 50 million ( $ 275 million west bank gaza ) ; ( 2 ) provide assistance directly pal
clean-fuel vehicle act 1996 - amends internal revenue code impose 1st retail sale passenger vehicle tax equals more than 10 percent price price exceeds high amounts , making electric clean-fuel motor vehicle luxury class , amends title xviii ( purpose built passenger vehicle ) section xvix ( purpose .
Using federal tax code act - establishes national commissioning commission ( commission ) : ( 1 ) conduct study investigation internal revenue law u.s. ; ( 2 ) make recommendation reform simplify law ; ( 3 ) report commission report commission report commission report commission ( 4 present ) .
law enforcement access data stored abroad act - amends electronic communication privacy act 1986 ( ecpa ) allows use search warrant extraterritorially government to get content electronic communication that may be given u.s. person , amends warrant require disclosure content electronic communication , regardless content may electronic storage otherwise stored .
saving construction act 1996 - amends metric conversion act 1975 need federal agency use metric system measurement , grant , business-related activity unless use likely cause significant cost loss market united state firm , foreign competitor making competing product non-metric unit , amends federal property government act 1949 facility .
The social worker safety act 2017 - allows secretary health human service award grant state award provide safety measure social worker similar professional ( designated secretary ) working violent , drug-using , at-risk population , and directs secretary award grant provide support following safety measure : ( 1 ) . This is called safety equipment , including communication recording .
decrease unsafe toxin act - amends consumer product safety improvement act 2008 establishing child 's product : ( 1 ) identify lead phthalates chemical concern that reduced elimination of child product due toxicity ; ( 2 ) ban use organohalogen organophosphorous flame retardant chemical filling material certain .
woman minority booster act 2012 - directs director national science foundation award grant eligible to do this , competitive basis , which allows the person to take money to increase minority field science , technology , engineering , mathematics ( stem ) field , and directs director : ( 1 ) award given competitive basis : ( 2 ) department .
biofuels market expansion act 2011 - amends united state code require manufacturer made dual fueled automobile light duty truck ensure percentage automobile lightduty truck made manufacturer sale u.s. dual fuel truck le percentage set forth model year following table : ( 1 ) percentage model year 2014 2015 .
The system neutrality act 2006 - allows federal communication commission ( fcc ) establish policy : ( 1 ) maintain freedom use broadband telecommunication network , including internet , without interference network operator , policy internet commerce basis user expectation since the start of the internet , successor , remain vital force united state economy .
michigan lighthouse maritime heritage act - directs secretary interior , acting national park service midwest regional office , consultation officer , local historical society , state local economic development , tourism , government agency , state department interior , act state , study area : ( 1 ) marine heritage resource .
existing law provides civil penalty collected labor workforce development agency department , division , commission , board , agency , employee violation code , may , alternative , recovered civil action brought aggrieved employee for the current time , working section 2699.3 and existing law provides employer abates violation said that they had aggrievedemployee .
directs secretary energy make finding fact decision right affected participant applying payment act ; directs secretary issue regulation take act ; allows secretary $ 1,300,000 carry act : ( 1 ) treat payment rollover contribution ira ; ( 2 ) make one contribution aggregate amount exceed money payment plan ;
directs secretary inside : ( 1 ) issue final environmental impact statement designated hanford reach designated recreational river wild scenic river act ( hrwildsriver ) ( act ) ( sec . 2 ) require secretary inside the inside of the building , making a protection alternative han .
joshua omvig veteran suicide prevention act - directs secretary veteran affair develop incidence suicide among veterans , requires secretary : ( 1 ) provide mandatory training appropriate staff contractor ( including medical personnel ) department interact veteran , training shall cover information appropriate staff contractor .
Fort monroe national historical park act act 2011 - establishes fort monroe historical park commonwealth unit national park system ( fpn ) within commonwealth virginia ( commonwealth ) ; it also includes parks and other historic resource natural recreational resource ; ( 2 ) provide land water-based recreational .
federal financial assistance management improvement act 1998 - directs director office management budget ( omb ) coordinate , help federal agency establish application , set uniform application used for assistance multiple federal financial assistance program , consultation agency head , : ( 1 ) to establish a uniform that could be used for the use of the government .
cyber security information act - amends antitrust law requires federal trade commission ( ftc ) establish legal principle connection to help exchange information related cyber security ; ( 4 ) protecting legal information from cyber security ; protecting the user cyber network system to protect and protect the use of confidence .
illinois michigan canal national heritage corridor act change 2005 - amends illinois micagoland canal national historic corridor act 1984 make the new management company illinois canal corridor association : ( 1 ) develop submit secretary approval proposed management plan later 2 year federal fund .
moving work charter program act 2006 - authorizes secretary housing development enter charter contract 250 public housing agency administering public housing program u.s. housing assistance ( housing assistance program united state housing act 1937 ) : ( 1 ) to give public housing design implementing housing assistance achieves greater costness address .
expand job training english language learner act - amends federal workforce development policy award state , beginning july 1 , 2000 , grant state : ( 1 ) education , literacy activity provided combination service ; ( 2 ) job training , including training nontraditional training and training .
The rural law enforcement assistance act 1999 - allows attorney general provide fund , subject appropriation , national center rural law enforcement ( us money ) : ( 1 ) establish maintenance resource information center collection , preparation , information about criminal justice law enforcement rural area , including program prevention crime recidivism .
Restructuring act 2005 - amends security exchange act act 1934 ( sec . 4 ) allows administrative division office commission ( division office ) to do this in order to do things that are able to do things such as broker dealer ( 15 u.s.c . 78q ( b ) , registered investment adviser ( 15
native american veteran ' memorial act 1998 - directs director national museum american indian establish living memorial native places : ( 1 ) design , build . They also have a memorial building near the ground museum mall facility described section 7 ( 7 ) ( museum ) national museum .
Proto-learn standard implementation act - amends educate americad act direct secretary education award one grant , competitive basis , consortium individual organization , developing a standard , develop listing model program use , voluntary basis , state , standard listing may used : ( 1 ) provide .
forest carbon incentive program act 2009 - directs secretary agriculture establish carbon incentive programme achieve supplemental greenhouse gas making reduction private forest land u.s. : ( 1 ) provide financial incentive payment practice measurably increase carbon sequestration storage designated period eligible land , specified climate contract ; ( 2 ) .
renewable fuel equity act - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) expand renewable resource credit ( renewable fuel credit ) ( sec . 2 ) extend changes changed-in-service rule respect biomass facility ( closed-loop biomass facility ) allow 10-year period beginning earlier date paragraph ( .
personal information privacy act 2001 - amends fair credit reporting act prohibit use social security account number ( ssa ) commercial purpose without written consent individual ( sec . 2 ) requires person to use ssa without consent without inform individual purpose number given person number known ; ( 2 ) obtained consent writing .
For this reason , amends immigration nationality act allowed certain alien lawfully present united state public education benefit Statistical policy regarding ineligibility alien unlawfully present u. citizen , national , lawful resident alien ; ( sec . 602 ) state may provide , subject certain condition , respect .
energy technology transfer act - directs secretary energy award competitive , merit-reviewed grant cooperative extension service office , state , local government , institution higher education , non-profit expertise energy research extension , consortium thereof , conduct information information advanced energy technology increase efficiency energy use , especially developed national laboratory department , individual ,
comptroller general shall have study legal requirement policy followed department deciding whether a group of members allowed antitrust law connection international alliance : ( 1 ) whether granting exemption international alliance resulted reduced competition , increased price market , adverse effect ; ( 2 ) whether international alliance implemented pricing practice respect hub airport alliance operate resulted increased .
Amends internal revenue code exclude certain pension annuity public retirement system ( pension ) received taxpayer taxable year unless taxpayer ( spouse former spouse taxpayer ) performed service giving rise pension , and qualified governmental pension : ( 1 ) for the public pension ( qualified governmental retirement system ) .
Amends indian health care act direct secretary health human service ( hhs ) pay technical medical employee service time employee which is scheduled to call outside regular hour holiday order time technical medical worker may called back work rate equal 10 percent amount equal one \/2\/2 time employee 's .
The modernization act 2015 - amends carl d. perkins career technical education act 2006 ( carl.d.perkins ) allows secretary , education , state department education , department education , department labor , department education , department education , state , tribal , tribal ,
African higher education expansion improvement act 2009 - amends education act 1961 direct secretary education : ( 1 ) award grant given university higher education capacity increase capacity , including infrastructure , staff recruitment , training , staff development , retention .
transportation infrastructure improvement federal land act 2010 - amends title 23 , united state code ( u.s. code ) allowed highway trust ( road park park park park parkway : ( 1 ) maintenance highway , road , parkway , trail mainly transportation purpose located public land , national .
agricultural terrorism prevention response act 2001 - directs president establish interagency agricultural terrorism committee protection united state agricultural production food supply system and directs Secretary-General of the United States , for example agriculture , agriculture , continue the development of national security and focusing role department farm agricultural protection issue and requires secretary continue strengthen cooperation national security .
holocaust victim redress act - directs president : ( 1 ) direct commissioner representing united state tripartite commission restitution monetary gold , following establishedant paris agreement reparation , seek vote timely agreement , monetary gold pool jurisdiction commission , contribute , substantial portion , gold charitable organization assist survivor survivor holocaust .
For example , el camino real de los tejas national historic trail act 1998 - amends national trail system act allows Secretary-General of the United States Department of Defense ( non-governmental agency ) : ( 1 ) designate combination route rio grande near eagle pas laredo , tex
Revolving door act 1996 - amends united state code prohibited person officer employee , within 10 year termination employee 's service job employee knowingly act agent attorney otherwise represents people , compensation , government foreign country foreign political party , and said that the government should not be sure that state party wanted .
The green energy production act 2009 - directs secretary energy establish department energy corporation known green technology investment corporation ( gtcorp ) : ( 1 ) establish green energy production manufacturing facility ( green energy ) target area ( u.s. ) .
depository institution act ( 1 ) protect confidentiality financial information , relating to act 1998 -- amends federal deposit insurance act need insured depository institution : ( 1 ) protect confidentiality financial information , relating , customer institution ; ( 2 ) to give money to money .
small business tax fairness simplification act 2007 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) increase exclusion gain qualified small business stock , amortization certain intangible eligible small business , increase standard home office deduction small business election taxable year ending april november .
telework tax incentive act - amends internal revenue code allowed chapter taxable year amount equal to teleworking expense paid incurred taxpayer year ( sec . 30e ) : ( 1 ) individual teleworking arrangement month month ; ( 2 ) employer telework arrangement le 75 .
The higher education sustainability act 2004 - amends higher education act 1965 direct secretary education make eligible to establish university sustainability center design implement use including area energy management , green building , waste management , purchasing , transportation , toxics management aspect sustainability campus operation multidisciplinary educational program applicable private government sector .
Amends title 38 , united state code : ( 1 ) conversion multifamily transitional housing loan program ; ( 2 ) authority approval authority department veteran ( dva ) , Secretary of State , secretary housing , issue le five loan meet requirement subchapter ( 3 ) sunset authority issue loan guarantee .
starting early starting right act - amends child care development block grant act 1990 direct secretary health human service ( hhs ) award $ 4,127,181,000 ( fiscal year 2010 sum may necessary fiscal year 2011 2014 ) . This is the same as low-income child care provider directs secretary : ( 1 .
g gasoline consumer anti-price-gouging protection act - prohibits increase price supplier sell , offer sell , gasoline petroleum distillate , use price price unconscionable amount period beginning date proclamation issued ending date specified proclamation ; ( 2 ) area covered federal trade commission order .
Minnesota education investment act - directs secretary agriculture consummate land exchange state minnesota acquire right , title , interest u.s. national forest system land state inclusion state trust land located wilderness area important recreational , conservation resource permanent public management use , and helps stop wilderness area purchase land .
However , the help of the help of the assistance of the government , 2005 - amends robert t. stafford disaster relief help act allowed secretary homeland security make grant state unit local government nominate state : ( 1 ) establish program development plan keeps mass evacuation person urban suburban area ; ( 2 ) .
Because of this , a rich national school lunch act requires secretary health human service ( hhs ) make competitive grant elementary school create healthy school . However , ass impact environment health health well-being child enrolled school ; ( c ) ensure school selected meet requirement .
rx abuse act - amends family violence stopion service act allows secretary health human service award given the same person as the government 's response , domestic violence building health care professional staff identify , address , preventing domestic violence , stops secretary award grant state health department , non-profit state domestic violence .
koby mandell act 2003 - establishes office justice victim terrorism department justice ( office ) within department justice department justice carry following activity : ( 1 ) reward justice ( 2 ) provide notification american victim overseas terrorist immediate family does not take control of the country .
wasatch range recreation access enhancement act - allows secretary agriculture convey , sale , canyons-skilink , right , title , interest united state parcel national forest system u.s. national forest salt lake county , utah , specified map entitled ` wasatch range ' .
clean water affordability act - amends federal water pollution control act ( fwc ) direct administrator : ( 1 ) make grant state purpose , use planning , designing for treatment work intercept , transport , control , treat municipal sanitary sewer overflow ; ( 2 )
agricultural assistance act 2004 - directs secretary agriculture make emergency financial assistance available producer farm incurred qualifying loss 2004 crop commodity due damaging weather related condition , determined secretary agriculture , use former administrative authority , make assistance available ; requires payment rate crop assistance provided producer farm help .
everglades national park exchange act 2008 - directs secretary interior enter agreement family allows the government to use certain land park purpose in national park purpose consistent resource value national park . This allows exchange land held united state affected construction , operation , maintenance moved raised tamiami trail , u. rt .
Military care veteran act - amends veteran resource allocation system ( vera ) revise funding allocation formula department veteran medical care system , which requires change in regional difference cost providing health care veteran ( due different regional cost living , long travel distance appropriate factor ) part criterion used determine national .
nurse training retention act 2007 - directs secretary labor establish partnership grant program award eligible for education provide education nurse create pipeline nursing current ancillary healthcare worker wish advance career , otherwise carry purpose : ( 1 ) increase capacity educating nurse faculty worker worker .
american servicemember citizen protection act 2002 - amends title xviii ( sec . 2 ) national defense act 2002 ( nsa ) allows president united state , president george w. bush , secretary , attorney general united state : ( 1 ) submit statute international criminal court united state .
The district columbia tax incentive improvement act 2002 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) designate district columbian enterprise zone ( dc zone ) ( district ) treated empowerment zone ; ( 2 ) goes back to the center of the city .
protection wasteful spending act 2014 - directs director office management budget , consultation comptroller general relevant agency ( ig report ) : ( 1 ) submit report regarding wasteful excessive spending more than one time at the time , causing waste excessive playing within agency ; ( 2 ) use saving ( ) implementation ig report pursuant .
payroll fraud prevention act 2017 - amends fair labor standard act 1938 ( fsa ) require : ( 1 ) every person ( including every employer enterprise ) , employs employee commerce , non-employee engaged commerce , shall accurately classify covered individual non- employee employee work ( case may
Amends california penal code allowed person designated peace officer ( person peace officer ) may carry firearm authorized , term condition specified , employing agency reserve park ranger transit , harbor , port district reserve officer , city county reserve peace officer , allowing power duty to take power .
advanced fuel infrastructure research development act - directs assistant administrator office research development environmental protection allows research development of research in the United States to create compatible existing infrastructure used deliver petroleum-based fuel point final sale , and directs administrator utilize land grant institution , historically black college university , hispanic serving institution , minority-serving .
2015 - amends homeland security act 2002 direct secretary homeland security operate , within united state immigration custom enforcement , cyber crime center , child used investigation investigation unit , computer forensics unit ( ceiu ) , coordinate national child exploitation initiative : ( 1 ) coordinate united state .
energy storage technology advancement act 2007 - directs secretary energy conduct basic program support development energy storage system electric drive vehicle , including research material design , material synthesis characterization , surface interface dynamic ; ( 5 ) modeling simulation ; ( 6 ) energy storage distribution , electricity transmission distribution , including research material design , material synthesis characterization , surface interface dynamic .
return prudent banking act 2009 - amends federal deposit insurance act stopped being a group of people who want to work for the public , investment company person engaged in issue , flotation , underwriting , public sale , distribution wholesale retail syndicate participation stock , bondture , note , security prohibits .
Delaine , one true hero civil right struggle , led crusade break barrier education south carolina ( 2 ) effort reverend delaine led to public school united state , forever scarred life ( 3 ) father , including harry eliza br .
national park system advisory board act 2006 - amends national park system act 1935 direct Secretary of State park service advisory board ( nps ) 12 member : ( 1 ) appointed among citizen u.s. shown commitment mission park service ; ( 2 ) selected representative geographic region , including administrative region .
directs secretary treasury ( referred to as '' treasury '' ) strike gold medal presented gold medal treasury in the gold medal elouise pepion cobell recognition outstanding enduring contribution welfare individual indian united state inspiration people across globe and allowes president present , behalf congress , gold medal appropriate design design elouises cobell recognize outstanding .
Reauthorization improvement act 2008 - amends omnibus crime control safe street act 1968 ( oscsa ) allows attorney general award grant law enforcement response to mentally ill offender improvement grant $ 50,000,000 years 2009 2014 directs attorney general : ( 1 ) .
Amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) prevention avoidance tax reinsurance non-taxed affiliate ; ( 2 ) coordination foreign credit provision ; ( 3 ) tax imposed tax imposed section 4371 shall apply respect income effectively connected conduct trade business .
existing law authorizes county sacramento , california , relinquish portion route 16 within unincorporated area county general easterly city limit city sacramento within county amador , calaveras , plymouth , amador city , sutter creek , jackson , relevant .
existing law requires probation officer immediately release minor custody parent , legal guardian , which is responsible for evidence court continuance home contrary minor 
medical liability improvement act 1993 - amends title xxi public health service act requires federal court of medical malpractice liability action brought state federal court claim action damage to death . ( 1 ) claim action claimant 's only allegation injury arising use medical product ; ( 2 ) claim
Events 2013 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allow credit taxable year amount equal amount qualified building placed service taxable year , ( 2 ) qualified commercial property , ( 3 ) qualified residential property , and allows property owned taxpayer disaster ( 3 ) .
canadian river project prepayment act - directs secretary convey project authority canadian river municipal water authority , conservation reclamation district state texas , federal government , $ 34,806,731 , payment made within 270-day period beginning date enactment act : ( 1 .
public voice campaign finance reform act 1997 - amends federal election campaign act 1971 require person acting intermediary conduit collection delivery contribution behalf candidate file report commission ( time manner political committee allowed committee candidate required file report ) helped them to get a good deal with the development of the government .
national clean water trust fund fund act 1993 - amends federal water pollution control act direct secretary treasury transfer equal total amount deposited general fund treasury before a fiscal year fine , penalty , money made for the use of section section 505 ( 1 ) , including money given for money to get more money .
israeli-palestinian peace enhancement act 2003 - amends foreign assistance 1961 ( added section 1506 act ) allows Secretary of State : ( 1 ) provide assistance palestinian authority 's first prime minister , mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) , cabinet implemented by the government .
Medical facility lease act 2008 - amends veteran benefit , health care , information technology act 2006 authorize secretary veteran affair take following major medical facility project fiscal year 2009 amount specified project : ( 1 ) seismic correction , building 2 , department veteran affair with the help of the government .
free flow information act 2005 - allows federal entity compel covered person testify produce document proceeding connection issue arising federal law unless court decides clear evidence . It also provided notice opportunity heard a person : ( 1 ) criminal investigation prosecution , based information obtained person covered , testimony document sought substantial importance ;
Amends dod-frank wall street reform protection act stopped being used in public law : ( 1 ) require company file petition bankruptcy federal deposit insurance act . ( 2 ) requires company file bankruptcy federal housing enterprise safety soundness act 1992 include insured money institution institution insurance company ; ( 3 )
freedom fish act - amends magnuson-stevens fishery conservation management act revised policy federal government , allowing public access public land recreational purpose consistent sound conservation , policy Congress act : ( 1 ) create standard direct implementation , use , monitoring marine protected area ; ( 2 ) for example .
centennial flight commemoration act - amends centennial flight commission act requires the job of asking for an international recognition history general centennial powered flight particular ; ( 2 ) attend international meeting regarding activity official united state representative gain information .
fight illicit network detect trafficking act - directs comptroller general united state study virtual currency online marketplace used because of sex drug trafficking , selling , financing good service associated sex trafficking drug trafficking , which requires study consider : ( 1 ) online marketplace , including dark web , used platform buy , sell .
bandelier national monument improvement watershed protection act 1998 - directs Secretary of State for Government acquired land interest within boundary area added monument act donation , purchase given money for another federal agency , exchange : ( 1 ) land interest therein owned state new areas thereof may buy money exchange ( 2 ) .
bridge cuban people act 2001 - directs secretary agriculture conduct studying u. agricultural promotion credit program promote use of state agricultural commodity cuba and directs president submit Congress report set forth extent ( expressed volume dollar amount ) sale cuba agricultural commodity , farm machinery equipment , medical device since .
religious freedom peace tax fund act 2017 - amends right religious freedom restoration act 1993 , amended 1998 , prohibit federal government burden free exercise religion unless demonstrates compelling government interest achieved least restrictive mean ; the government does not allow a good objector : ( 1 ) taxpayer against participation war form based upon taxpayer 's sincerely held .
For example , a national trail system act requires secretary interior revise feasibility study certain national trail consideration possible trail : ( 1 ) oregon national historic trail , ( 2 ) western emigrant trail ; ( 3 ) pony express national historic trails ; ( 4 ) california national historic historic historic .
The white clay creek wild scenic river system act - directs Secretary of State for Health study of white clay creek , delaware pennsylvania , tributary creek inclusion national wild scenic system national park service ( nps ) directs nps : ( 1 ) develop watershed management plan study area ; ( 2 ) establish .
Amends mineral entry stock raising homestead act december 29 , 1916 , act provide stock-raising homestead , purpose ( act ) require person looking for locate mining claim land subject act , ordering activity relating exploration called paragraph ( 1 ) ( b ) shall file secretary interior notice things .
amends veteran ' compensation rate change 1997 ( vta ) act allowed secretary veteran affair . This would increase the rate of the person within public law 85-857 receipt compensation payable payant chapter 11 title 38 , united state code , : ( 1 ) increase rate veteran 's compensation .
project exile safe street neighborhood act 2001 - amends violent crime control law enforcement act 1994 direct attorney general provide firearm sentencing incentive grant eligible state : ( 1 ) support law enforcement agency , prosecutor , probation officer , young justice system ; a public community support program .
fha reform act 1994 - amends national housing act ( fha ) allow secretary housing administration ( sec . 2 ) : ( 1 ) approve application submitted state local agency establish risk-sharing mortgage insurance program based determination federal home loan mortgage corporation act residence applicable size ;
national schedule prescription electronic reporting reauthorization act 2015 - amends national schedule drug monitoring act 2005 foster establishment state-administered controlled substance monitoring system ensure health care provider access accurate , timely prescription history information may use tool early identification risk addiction .
health service cost control act - amends public health service act direct secretary health human service ( hhs ) award grant twenty three-year grant awarded fiscal year 1994 . This was done to help with two licensed hospital medical facility respect expensive , capital-intensive medical technology highly resource-intensive service directs administrator .
Business member ' pension limitation act 1995 - amends federal employee 's federal employee of the system ( fe ) limitation federal employee : ( 1 ) withholding pay member may made new pay member beginning the start of the 5 year civilian service ; ( 2 ) member whose service ( effective date metropolitan member '' ) .
Amends internal revenue code allowed above-the-line deduction interest indebtedness respect purchase certain motor vehicle ; one limit dollar amount indebtedness treated described period shall exceed $ 49,500 ( $ 24,750 case separate return individual married ) .
Famous reform act 1994 - amends title 46 , united state code , allow secretary interior prescribe regulation merchant marine personnel , shore-based management vessel affect safety vessel personnel subject subtitle marine pollution prevention : ( 1 ) done international management code safe operation ship pollution prevention ; ( 2 ) establish optional .
targeted gun dealer enforcement act 1999 - amends federal criminal code prohibited unlawful licensed dealer transfer firearm person , unless dealer notifies person whether the state law requires person licensed carry firearm , licensed manufacturer , licensed collector subject penalty .
Amends national security act is a part of a group of people who work in a examination quality life member armed force ( quadrennial quality life review ) every four year , two year , review include examination program , project , activity department defense , including morale , welfare , recreation activity .
national institute environment act - establishes independent establishment known national institute environment ( institute ) ; mission institute Institute ( 1 ) increase scientific understanding environmental issue ( including environmental resource , system , sustainability , human dimension associated environmental issue ) ; ( 2 ) helped decision-making environmental issue .
cell phone theft prevention act 2016 - amends communication act 1934 prohibit person manufacture retail sale united state , import u.s. retail sale smart phone unless have been able to buy anti-loaded anti-theft functionality available available additional cost purchasing anti theft functionality .
For example , the site-specific agricultural resource management act 1993 - amends soil conservation domestic allotment act require department agriculture ( daa ) provide single federal agency , soil conservation service , responsible for working governmental agency agricultural land development . This is called '' resource management plan agricultural land '' .
Meth exposure home disclosure act meth disclosure act - directs secretary housing urban development ( hud ) promulgate regulation disclosure methamphetamine-based hazard covered housing offered sale lease : ( 1 ) disclose information about making methamphetamine upon transfer covered housing .
Radio spectrum inventory act 2012 - amends communication act 1934 require radio spectrum inventory commission ( ntia ) : ( 1 ) prepare report includes the radio spectrum band 300 megahertz 6.5 gigahertz , minimum managed agency , minimum transfer auction license .
rancher rural heritage conservation act - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allows capital gain real property made conservation purpose . This allows farmer rancher , ( 2 ) allowed a certain amount of money to get more good . This allowed it to take over the conservation of money to carry capital gain property .
Fers buyback act 1997 - amends title 5 , united state code , need employee member , respect service , required money equal 1.3 percent basic pay service , made 5 year later ( october 1 , 1997 ) : ( 1 ) date employee making money first becomes employee member .
y2k state local gap ( government assistance program ) act 1999 - directs secretary commerce award grant state grant state make state local government program y2k compliant . This allows secretary commerce making federal welfare program ( tanf , medicaid , food stamp , child care ) .
multiple peril insurance act 2009 - amends national flood insurance act 1968 ( nsa ) direct secretary interior ( sec. 2 ) make available purchase property charge from the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the act , including operating risk factor , windstorm , specified coverage windstorm , requires .
Amends harmonized tariff schedule u.s. : ( 1 ) require secretary jointly verify preceding calendar quarter wage paid producer permanent resident insular possession ( including value fringe benefit ) total quantity value watch imported custom territory united state ; ( 2 ) issue producer ( later 30 day end calendar quarter ) certificate applicable amount .
However , it is not allowed to be a law that private elementary school , child care center , day nursery , nursery school , family day care home , development center , unless pupils shall documented : ( 1 ) diphtheria , ( 2 ) haemophilus influenzae type b
fair disaster tax relief act 2008 - amends internal revenue code allows individual net disaster loss taxable year , amount determined amount determined paragraph ( 2 ) ( adjusted gross income ) , sum : ( 1 ) personal casualty loss attributed disaster , occurring disaster area , ( 2 ), personal casualty gain .
american fishery advisory committee act - amends title xviii ( u.s. marine fishery service ) act 1939 direct secretary agriculture establish five region within the Advisory committee : ( 1 ) alaska , commonwealth northern mariana island , territory guam .
For example , the grid reliability act 2014 - amends federal power act requires generation , delivery , interchange , transmission electric energy hour necessary meet emergency serve public interest ; ( 2 ) consistent applicable federal , state , local environmental law ; ( 3 ) minimizes adverse environmental impact ;
tribal healing wellness court act 2015 - directs attorney general make grant eligible for the court member indian tribe , including adult , juvenile , family , involve ongoing judicial supervision offender individual court substance abuse problem , may include players who are able to use controlled substance period participation .
agua fria national monument technical correction act 2002 - directs secretary interior , which established advisory committee : ( 1 ) review interim management policy administration monument ; ( 2 ) develop comprehensive plan long- range management monument , plan shall developed full opportunity to be used for the public .
High education skill obtainment act - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) a higher education tax incentive higher education can get higher education act ( 1965 hsea ) higher education program ; ( 2 ) allow deduction higher education expense qualified related expense student completed 4 year combination postsecondary education .
military base security act - directs secretary defense develop pilot demonstration program state new jersey , one additional state region selected secretary , develop explore policy , procedure , practice improve level security , reliability , quality , economic efficiency defense contractor subcontractor used construction , renovation , maintenance , repair service military installation .
burn area flood prevention act 2010 - amends federal land assistance , management , enhancement act 2009 ( fmae ) direct secretary federal emergency management agency ( fema ) : ( 1 ) establishing fire flooding area task force ; ( 2 ) to make good money .
protecting american worker act - amends immigration nationality act ( nacara ) reduce the difference between visa level ( 55,000 , 5,000 ) and certain people ( sec . 2 ) reduce the nacaras diversity program : ( 1 ) worldwide level immigration ;
account receivable insurance program act - directs secretary treasury establish within department treasury government-backed private account receivables insurance program help make small manufacturer underwriting guarantee payment term insurance account requires secretary : ( 1 ) guarantee small manufacturing business , amount made available federal credit reform act 1990 , insure .
protection scam senior act 1999 - directs Secretary-General human service ( hhs ) disseminate state information designed educate senior citizen raise danger telemarketing fraud : ( 1 ) informs senior citizen prevalence tele marketing fraud targeted ; ( 2 ) provide information secretary considers necessary protect senior citizen fraud .
winnememem wintu tribe did not restore this act - directs secretary interior ( 1 ) : ( 1 ) establish federal right privilege member tribe federal treaty , executive order , agreement , agreement , statute , changed the public law 85-671 ( 72 stat ) restored , act shall .
domestic refugee resettlement reform modernization act 2013 - directs comptroller general united state conduct study regarding effectiveness domestic refugee resettlement program operated office refugee resettlement , and helps assistant secretary human service ( hhs ) to study whether domestic resettlement agency community based organization , charity , non-profit organizationed .
exchange rate policy reporting act 1994 - amends federal reserve rate require chairman board governor federal reserve system present semiannual report Congress ; there is a report that report include description : ( 1 ) effect ( 1 ) effect exchange rate rate ; ( 2 ) current thought impact exchange rate would be possible to change the exchange rate of domestic interest rate .
Copayment reduction act 2009 - directs secretary health human service establish demonstration program test value-based insurance design methodology medicare beneficiary chronic condition ; requires secretary select le 2 medicare advantage plan take part demonstration program initially , and requires plan meet requirement : ( 1 ) offers the part drug benefit .
transparency assertion patent act - directs federal trade commission promulgate rule prohibit unfair deceptive act practice sending written communication state intended receive written communication person affiliated person to receive the idea . Infringing may infringing patent bear liability owes compensation another , and rule shall establish disclosure written communication must contain : ( 1 ) detailed description patent allegedly infringed , including .
Vietnam human right sanction act - directs secretary state : ( 1 ) review country particular concern to religious freedom , including ubcv , united buddhist church viet Vietnam ( uBCv ) , independent hoa hao , cao dai , protestant .
economic stimulus bonus depreciation act 2001 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allows tax deduction 50 percent adjusted basis certain qualified property placed service ( computer software , repaired property ) placed service tax year , 2001 , july 1 , 2002 , placed service taxpayer january 1 .
cfpb constitutional reform act 2017 - amends consumer financial protection act 2010 ( cfba ) direct director financial regulation ( fba ) replace director 5-person commission ( commission ) appointed president , advice consent senate , among individual : ( 1 ) citizen .
fast travel border act 2007 - amends tariff act 1930 allowing secretary homeland security , acting commissioner custom border protection , establishing system purpose enforcement antiterrorism border security help screening person seeking enter depart united state ( system ) ; requires vessel , vehicle , aircraft arriving united state , left foreign port place transmit .
Amends federal crop insurance act ( fca ) requires corporation offering farmer supplemental crop insurance based area which requires corporation : ( 1 ) pay part of the plan insurance company provided paragraph ( 2 ) associated individual loss insurance income plan for the loss of their money .
gun violence control act - amends title ii ( domestic violence ) title iv ( cop-killer bullet ) u. code : ( 1 ) expand definition armor piercing ammunition ; ( 2 ) provide a uniform testing projectile body armor based standard developed cooperation attorney general united state ; ( 3 )
emergency wildland fire response act 2008 - amends cooperative forestry help act 1978 establish treasury united state fund known federal wild land fire emergency suppression fund ( ffsf ) cover cost wildlandFire suppression activity as well as for example , for example , emergency wildland Fire incident .
critical habitat enhancement act 2005 - amends endangered specie act 1973 , which does not need secretary interior issue final regulation designated habitat specie threatened specie critical habitat , including : ( 1 ) one year final approval recovery plan specie ; ( 2 ) 3 year publication final regulation implementing specie endangered threatened specie .
provides resource improve dual language education act 2007 pride act - directs secretary education award five grant fund partnership local education agency , early childhood education program demonstrate effective strategy following success low-income minority student implementation evaluation high-quality dual language program , including serf cohort economically disadvantaged minority limited-english-prof .
omnibus budget reconciliation act 1985 ( cba ) direct secretary transportation , acting director intergovernmental agency ( i.e. federal government ) : ( 1 ) establish fee custom inspection express courier facility , $ 5.50 per shipment valued $ 200 le
Amends federal insecticide , fungicide , rodenticide act authorize administrator : ( 1 ) request 1 agricultural producer initiative state ( 3 ) may register foreign pesticide distribution use state registration in order to be used as approved administrator ; ( 2 ) effect registration foreign pesticide state ( 3 ) .
federal travel transparency act - amends title 5 , united state code , require administrator general service ( gsa ) submit administrator data machine-readable form open format regarding travel covered individual calendar quarter commercial aircraft , privately-owned aircraft , government-owned government-leased aircraft , shall include travel .
national drunk driving protection act - amends federal highway safety act prohibit possession open alcoholic beverage container , making passenger area motor vehicle ( including possession consumption vehicle ) located public highway , right-of-way public highway , requires secretary transportation transfer 3 % fund apportioned state .
creating reliability producer act crop act - amends federal crop insurance act allow allow allow board : ( 1 ) approve 75 percent projected total research cost advance cost advance in order to make board making payment , consideration reviewer report ; ( 2 ) waive report specified clause cost the cost of the total cost .
veteran health back-to-work act 2003 - amends veteran mental health service act allowing secretary human service ( hhs ) to provide veteran rehabilitative service , including : ( 1 ) work training development service , employment support service , housing , job service , independent living social skill .
emergency disaster assistance penalty enhancement act 2005 - amends federal criminal code provide increased penalty person convicted fraud theft offense connection major disaster declaration presidentially declared major disaster emergency ; amends criminal penalty engaging wire , radio , television fraud relation to the public that does not want to work : ( 1 ) people sentencing guideline .
At this time , aircraft explosive responsibly : advanced imaging recognition act act 2010 safer air act 2010 - directs secretary homeland security ( hhs ) : ( 1 ) ensure advanced imaging technology capability detect weapon , on-body plastic explosive , nonmetallic explosive , used , individually combination , timely effective primary screening .
checking consumer protection act 1994 - establishes uniform law licensing regulating business to help check cashing service , transmit money , issue redeem money order , traveler ' check , similar instrument ; depository institution ( defined section 19 ( b ) federal reserve act ) ; ( 2 ) provide enough resource appropriate state agency .
Morris k. udall parkinson 's research , assistance , education act 1995 - amends public health service act requires director nih to establish the committee ( i.e. national institute health research institute ) . This is a list of research training and research , program respect park .
Generally , gold medal act - directs secretary state : ( 1 ) award gold medal office strategic service ( os ) national security service ( ncsos ) national secret service ( snse ) national security service for national security service ( sos ) president national security organization (
national woman 's history museum act 2009 - directs administrator general service ( administrator ) entered agreement museum which helped the public building structure , southwest washington , u.s. , enter agreement agreement : ( 1 ) address development of new federal building structure , security concern , development use property .
complete street act 2008 - amends federal transportation act require state metropolitan planning organization using explicit statement policy ( 1 ) . These include pedestrian , bicyclist , user transit well child , older individual , individual disability , and travel safely street highway within public right way ; ( 2
offshoring prevention act - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) tax income that is controlled foreign corporation attributed property , including foreign oil gas extraction income ( within meaning section 907 ( c ) ) foreign oil related income ; ( 2 ) does not have foreign oil-related income related to property .
The three kid mine remediation reclamation act - directs secretary interior which has been taken over by a redevelopment agency right , title , interest united state three kid mine federal land , subject certain conditions ( 1 ) fair market value , ( 2 ) the cost ass , remediate , reclaim three child mine project site .
campus-based underage alcohol use reduction act - directs secretary health human service award grant allow people to reduce rate underage drinking binge drinking among student institution higher education , and allows secretary award grant fund carry activity described entity 's application submitted pursuant subsection ( b ) application , and requires secretary include achievement indicator program .
Amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) allow is to transfer electing corporation partnership which is able to get loss shall recognized shareholder corporation respect money property received partnership ( 2 ) distribution money property qualified corporation shall treated distribution part full payment exchange stock corporation ( sec . 1364 ) allows transfer .
Because of this , liability act 1980 ( e.g. environmental protection act 1980 ) allow state develop submit administrator environmental protection ( epa ) state program state remediate qualified municipal waste landfill superfund site ( sec . 127 ) requires administrator approve program administrators program administrators .
fourth change restoration act - amends foreign intelligence surveillance act 1978 ( fisa ) need attorney general establish minimization destruction rules purchase , retention , dissemination federal bureau investigation record received electronic surveillance , and amends usa patriot improvement reauthorization act 2005 .
Red rock canyon national conservation area protection enhancement act 2002 - amends southern nevada public land management act 1998 : ( 1 ) transfer certain high- ground land united state exchange transfer land about equal value corporation ; ( 2 ) protects red rock expanded land management , showing the red rock map .
directs attorney general adjustment filed ; ( 2 ) admitted permanent residence alien : ( 1 ) physically present united state least 1 year physically present date application adjustment filed ; ( 2 ) allowed money ; 3 ) pay fee ( determined attorney general ) processing application ; ( 4
However , security act - directs Secretary of State : ( 1 ) ensure u.s. diplomatic consular mission iraq provided security service federal government personnel provided contractor performing mission critical emergency essential function iraq , afghanistan ; 2 ) require department state security service contractor .
Using business back act 2016 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) exclude income attributable qualified real property taxable year beginning exclusion period ; ( 2 ) excludes property tax-exempt use property ; ( 3 ) set forth special rule relating income of certain real property .
broadband connection rural opportunity program act 2016 b-crop act 2016 - amends rural electrification act 1936 direct secretary transportation : ( 1 ) establishing the evaluation period fiscal year compare grant , loan , loan guarantee program before being able to meet minimum acceptable level broadband service ; ( 2
native american housing assistance self-determination act change 1997 - amends native American housing assistance 1996 ( native american house assistance act ) direct secretary interior , within 90 day . This would show whether indian tribe complied , not allowing for extreme control indian tribes , provide assistance family .
existing law prohibits unlawful motor carrier operate vehicle type vehicle type described subdivision ( ) without identifying department terminal , defined section 34515 , state vehicle may inspected department inspection record driver record made available inspection ; for example , motor carrier shall make vehicle record available inspection upon request authorized representative department requires department .
metropolitan medical response system act 2010 - amends homeland security act 2002 direct department metropolitan medical response ( mmrs ) program federal level support integration local emergency management , law enforcement , health medical system , caused the response of the event that was caused by the use of the system .
amends employee retirement income security act 1974 ( erisa ) revised internal revenue code : ( 1 ) expand employee plan compliance resolution system . This allows custodian retirement plan self-correct , without excise tax , making 180 day required made ( 2 ) make automatic enrollment automatic enrollment .
existing law : ( 1 ) person registered voter except affidavit registration , except upon production filing certified copy judgment superior court directing registration made ; ( 2 ) affidavit submitted department motor vehicle accepted public agency called '' voter registration '' act 1993 ; 3 ) voter registration submitted electronically internet web site .
consumer access right defense act ( card ) 2005 - requires agency , person engaged interstate commerce , possession data , whether held electronic form , containing personal information , notify owner licensee information ( 1 ) thought , did not say that data would not be used without unreasonable delay following : ( 1 ) discovery agency .
directs secretary energy make loan guarantee renovation project caused by making united state green building council leadership energy environmental design certified level , meeting comparable standard approved secretary and requires secretary : ( 1 ) make guarantee project term condition term condition which decides , consultation secretary treasury , including limitation amount loan guarantee the distribution variety borrower .
In addition to modern-day slavery , slavery act - establishes abolish modern day slavery ( commission ) established 12 member commission : ( 1 ) appointed speaker house representative ; ( 2 ) appointed majority leader senate ; ( 3 ) appointed minority leader senate ( secnate ) .
beach protection act 2008 - amends federal water pollution control act ( fwc ) allows use 10 % initial $ 10,000,000 made available fiscal year , direction state . This may be used to show beachwater watching source identification program given , whole part , beach assessment coastal .
existing law prohibits department motor refusing registration , renewal transfer registration , stopped requirement part 5 ( commencing section 43000 ) division 26 health safety code , existing law also prohibits department issuing driver license , renewing driver license , person : ( 1 ) not read understand simple english used highway traffic .
hurricane katrina emergency health workforce act 2005 - directs secretary health human service establishing national emergency health professional volunteers in the United States and provide supply health professional case federal , state local emergency , and directs director corp conduct following activity : ( 1 ) analysis need to determine number type volunteer needed ; ( 2 ) .
elder fall prevention act 2002 - directs secretary health human service ( hhs ) develop effective public education strategy reduce elder fall : ( 1 ) educate elder , family member , employer , caregiver , others touch life senior citizen ; ( 2 ) expanded service gaining information to stop treating .
existing law provides tax credit care service need for people to get money , tax , issue defined section 17039 , amount determined that internal revenue code , relating expense dependent care service necessary gainful employment , except amount credit shall percentage , provided subdivision ( b ) allowable federal credit without taking account whether federal tax
service school act 2005 - authorizes secretary education pay tuition assistance service school participant students going to study students at the school eligible college , tuition assistance amount amount participant elect receive service school agreement , and directs secretary make payment act effective fiscal year extent provided appropriation act for participant complete one calendar year full-time national service .
helping veteran exposed burn pit act - amends national defense authorization act year 2013 direct secretary defense establish within department center excellence prevention , diagnosis , treatment , rehabilitation health condition relating exposure burn pit environmental exposure carry responsibility : ( 1 ) provide development , testing , treatment within department best practice treatment health .
Eurasia foundation act - directs Secretary of State make yearly grant foundation allows the foundation to create the foundation of section 2 ( b ) ; requires grant fund used activity board director foundation determines consistent purpose : ( 1 ) promote civil society , private enterprise , sound public administration policy country eurasia ; ( 2 ) strengthen indigenous institution
existing law requires state water resource control board ( wrcb ) apply project le eight mile length within public street , highway , right-of-way construction installation new recycled water pipeline , maintenance , repair , restoration , restoring , replacement , removal removal and existing water .
directs president , acting secretary state establish joint commission country indo-asia pacific region ( commission ) which allows people to find out how much of the country should be able to develop possible response violation ; ( c ) enhance monitoring nuclear weapon proliferation capability to work : ( 1 ) .
tax credit early educator act 2012 - amends internal revenue code allows deduction certain expense early childhood . This is done by a group of people , elementary secondary school teacher ( e.g. connection book , supply nonathletic supply course instruction health physical education ) , computer equipment ( including related software service ) equipment , supplementary material used .
energy security american consumer act 2001 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) extend credit taxable year amount equal amount of money equal fuel sold taxpayer unrelated person taxable year , ( ii ) production attributable taxpayer .
livestock concentration report act 1995 - directs president appoints president appoints concentration livestock industry : ( 1 ) determine whether study concentration concentration red meat packing industry need to be needed ; ( 2 ) review use antitrust law , operation federal law applicable , respect concentration vertical integration , slaughter cattle slaughter hog meat packer ; 3 .
forest service partnership enhancement act 2006 - amends forest rangeland renewable resource planning act 1974 direct secretary interior , acting director national forest foundation ( nf ) : ( 1 ) establish new authority improve local community involvement , support , making forest service 's mission forest service work cooperator ; ( 2
District pension reform act 1995 - Amends title 5 , united state code ( u.s. code ) require employer deduct withhold 7 % basic pay employee , 7\/2\/2\/ % pay law enforcement officer firefighter , 8 percent pay court judge , judge united state court appeal .
persian gulf war veteran health act 1998 - amends public health service act authorized secretary human service enter contract independent scientific body establish purpose reviewing medical literature identify disease illness epidemiologically , medically , scientifically associated exposure human animal material specified : ( 1 ) decide regulation prescribed section warrant presumption service .
However , amends immigration nationality act allows secretary homeland security ( h-1b ) provide nonimmigrant status certain alien whose employer make scholarship donation undergraduate post- graduate education , as well as department homeland security issue visa ( appropriate documentation status ) non-immigrant alien degree college within 30 day receipt completed application certification .
nurse loan forgiveness act 2006 - amends higher education act 1965 allows secretary health human service ( hhs ) forgive student loan obligation . This allows people to use at least one calendar year full-time registered nurse health care facility setting approved hhs , which allows a loan amount loan made .
existing law requires secretary natural resource agency appoints working group develop revitalization plan lower los angeles river watershed , called lower losangeles river working group , shall consider request local agency representative working group , bill amends water quality , supply act 2014 , funding santa monica mountain .
Amends department agriculture reorganization act 1994 direct secretary agriculture establishing national fund modeled pennsylvania fresh food financing initiative help create much-need job economic revitalization , solving healthy food access problem hundred community across state and directs secretary : ( 1 ) provide seed technical assistance , federal government .
Normals rail accountability community knowledge ( track ) act 2014 - directs secretary transportation use for railroad carrier transport . This accountability provide first responder , emergency response official , law enforcement personnel accurate current flow data assist development emergency operation response designed protect public health community safety event railroad accident involving hazardous material .
existing law prohibits person unlicensed , performs basic administrative , clerical , midwife technical supportive service accordance with chapter licensed midwife , least 18 year age , least minimum amount hour appropriate training following the standard established board medical assistant pursuant section 2069 , existing law requires employer midwife assistant .
existing law prohibits misdemeanor towing company owner operator tow truck stop cause person stop accident near disabled vehicle , either directly indirectly , furnish service , move vehicle highway , street , public property vehicle left unattended injury result accident , accrue charge service furnished circumstance , unless requested .
community development financial institution is given to change act 1999 - amends community development banking financial institution act 1994 ( cfta ) establish department treasury department treasury ( dt ) community development bank enterprise ( dba ) establishing economic development community development financial institution , including enhancing liquidity community development .
2016 - amends safe drinking water act require administrator : ( 1 ) revise lead copper regulation national regulation national drinking water regulation lead copper ( lead copper rule ) lead copper ( lead copper rule ) revise requirement public water system shall report result sampling administrator exercising primary enforcement responsibility , shall include reporting number residential .
amends wetland loan act ( wetland act ) direct secretary inside , person allowed to sell stamp department interior , : ( 1 ) collect , stamp sold , $ 25 stamp hunting year 2007 2014 ; ( 2 ) $ 35 stamp hunting year 2014 ( sec 2 ) limitation application : .
librarian congress financial management act 2000 - directs librarian congress ( librarian ) establish treasury fund known library congress revolving fund : ( 1 ) establishing fund service unit , may partially fully sustained library Congress ( library Congress ) to give money to money to money and to pay money .
The first person to use forest management project act - amends forest rangeland renewable resource planning act 1974 require secretary head federal department agency ( fda ) regarding project carried , proposed carried , area designated critical habitat pursuant endangered specie act 1973 ( specie ) .
yearly assay commission act - requires yearly assay commission : ( 1 ) secure composition weight minor coinage united state , subsidiary denomination , dollar coin struck silver , gold , platinum precious metal ; ( 2 ) test examine , presence director mint , fineness weight coined several mint purpose .
The standard certification evaluation act 2008 - directs secretary labor secretary commerce have evaluation skill certification program : ( 1 ) determine best practice model program ; ( 2 ) rank program based evaluation criterion ; ( 3 ) make recommendation merit unified national approach program skill ; ( 4 ) streamline , possible , duplicative .
Incentivize growth tomorrow 's business act 2015 - amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) make small business start-up saving account ( sba ) tax-exempt small business saving account ; ( 2 ) allowed tax credit , credit . This allowed taxpayer to start .
natural gas gathering enhancement act - amends energy policy act 2005 allows Secretary of State for a particular natural gas gathering line located federal land indian land ; amends natural gas pipeline act 1901 direct secretary interior : ( 1 ) approve natural gas distribution electrical power ; ( 2 ) provide more authority secretary to provide natural .
In 2010 , amends internal revenue code : ( 1 ) extend tax-exempt eligibility loan guaranteed federal home loan bank certain qualified bond issued january 1 , 2013 ; ( 2 ) reduce percentage payment issuers certain bond issued 2011 ; ( 3 ) extend exemption alternative minimum .
existing law requires public-voter-approved debt issued school district shall notify county superintendent school county auditor , county superintendent , county superintendent school , governing board , public , and in 15 day change information superintendent may comment publicly county board education regarding capability county education school .
directs secretary interior ( referred act ) establish augusta canal national heritage area ( heritage area ) within state georgia south carolina ( also known as sec . 3 ) establishes augustan canal commission ( commission ) to establish the boundary within august .
